elaine: Coccoon II The Return. I guess they didnt like it up there.
elaine: Okay, whatre we doing here? I have seen everything.
elaine: Oh, lovely.
elaine: What do you think their parents think?
elaine: Yknow what? This would be a really funny gift for Pamelas birthday.
elaine: Yeah, you met her when we were going out.
elaine: You have no idea who Im talking about, do you?
elaine: Blonde hair, remember? Glasses? (pause) Have you totally blocked out the entire time we were a couple?
elaine: Right! In fact... No, never mind...
elaine: Well, a bunch of people are getting together tomorrow night at some bar for her birthday, but... (Jerry turns in disgust) you dont want to go to... that... no.
elaine: What little deal?
elaine: A wedding? Have you lost it, man?
elaine: Theyre coming in?
elaine: Hey, did your father ever get that hair weave?
elaine: Why does he do that?
elaine: A wedding?
elaine: All right, what the hell.
elaine: Cmon lets go...
elaine: You could have.
elaine: It is not necessary.
elaine: Sssshhhhhh!!!
elaine: Hi, Pamela, you remember Jerry.
elaine: (interrupting Jerry's conversation) Oh, Jerry!
elaine: I had this dream last night and you were in it.
elaine: You were you, but, you werent you...
elaine: I think, I think we were in my house where I grew up, and you were standing there, you were looking out the window...
elaine: You turned around and you had these wooden teeth.
elaine: (noticing Jerry not wanting to listen; annoyed) Jerry? Are you listening to me?
elaine: Yknow, um, you could use a little work on your manners.
elaine: Wel-Well, I just dont appreciate these little courtesy responses, like Im selling you aluminum siding.
elaine: No! You couldnt wait to get back to your little... conversation.
elaine: Uh-huh...
elaine: No! No! You had wooden teeth! You had wooden teeth! I didnt have wooden teeth, you did!
elaine: So nothing! Nothing. (annoyed sigh)
elaine: Oh, how do you do? Elaine Benes.
elaine: Oh no, lets do it now.
elaine: Okay.
elaine: Well, Jerry, I never saw you flirt with anyone before. It was quite the spectacle.
elaine: Oh, bye. Good to see you.
elaine: Yeah, obviously.
elaine: Couldnt agree more.
elaine: Good.
elaine: Great!
elaine: Its great to... talk about... other people...
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: No. A general guy.
elaine: What? No, its not a big deal.
elaine: No, we just met...
elaine: Hmmm, I dont think so.
elaine: Wall street.
elaine: And he happens to be pretty good lookin.
elaine: And... hes hilarious.
elaine: I staked out his health club.
elaine: (claps her hands) That is the single greatest packing performance I have ever seen.
elaine: (laughs) Yeah, right, youre the master packer.
elaine: (raising her hand) Scuse me, master packer...
elaine: Just gimme your keys.
elaine: Okay, so, now, is there anything else I need to know about this place?
elaine: Okay, this is quite a place.
elaine: Ill eat out.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: No, Im staying here for the weekend. Im getting a break from my roommate.
elaine: No, the waitress-actress. She just got some part in some dinner theater production of A Chorus Line. So, now all day long shes walking around the apartment singing, God, I hope I get it, I hope I get it! Shes gonna get it right in her...
elaine: Shes on the lease! George you have got to find another place for me.
elaine: You oughta at least take a look at it.
elaine: Cause then I could move in here.
elaine: Its time you got outta here anyway.
elaine: Listen, Jerry, this place is falling apart. You have no hot water, you cant have soft cheese...
elaine: Jerry, come on, youre doin okay now. You should at least take a look at this place. You shouldnt have to live like this.
elaine: Well, for me its a step up. Its like moving from Iceland to Finland.
elaine: (from the bathroom) JERRY! (Elaine enters the living-room.) Jerry, oh, hi, welcome back. How were the shows?
elaine: They were stolen.
elaine: A couple a hours ago. The police are coming right over.
elaine: (looking at Kramer) Someone left the door open.
elaine: I was at Bloomingdales... waiting for the shower to heat up.
elaine: These things happen.
elaine: Answering machine.
elaine: I didnt get that joke either.
elaine: Yeah, tell im George.
elaine: Yes! You dont understand. Im living with Ethel Merman without the talent.
elaine: Oh, well, come on. This is an apartment, this is a home! This is a place to live. Oooh, a fireplace, are you kidding me! Does this work?
elaine: They deliver it.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Look! Look at- look at this! Theres a garden.
elaine: Yeah, you can get a gardener.
elaine: You can.
elaine: You can tip a gardener.
elaine: Jerry, you can barbecue back here.
elaine: Sure, its...probably the same guy, who delivers the wood.
elaine: Oh, damn, this place is incredible, look at all this great light!
elaine: Jerry, look at this closet! Look at this! Im walking in it! (Elaine walks into the closet.) Its a walk-in. Can you believe it? Im nuts about this, what do you think?
elaine: (laughing with joy) Your movin? That means Im movin. (She hugs Jerry.) Geeeeee (to George) isnt that incredible!
elaine: What about the couch?
elaine: What?
elaine: A hundred and fifty dollars? A hundred and fifty dollars for what? For this couch?
elaine: For this couch?!
elaine: Okay, uh, Ill tell you what. I could go as high as uh... (She takes a closer look at couch.) I dont know, maybe...twenty dollars?
elaine: Okay okay okay okay, you win. Forty dollars.
elaine: Fifty dollars, okay? Fifty dollars, is that all right?
elaine: Uh-huh.
elaine: Thank you very much.
elaine: I just bought Jerrys couch for fifty dollars.
elaine: Excuse me, uh, I dont mean to cause any trouble here, but George, if you take it, can I take your place?
elaine: Well, one of you better damn well take it!
elaine: I dont know, who to root for, Georges place has carpeting.
elaine: Id better not.
elaine: So what did he say?
elaine: I cant believe I lost the deposit on that U-Haul. And I threw out my couch.
elaine: My roommate starts rehearsal tonight on Carousel.
elaine: Couldnt be happier.
elaine: Come on, lets go do something. I dont wanna just sit around here.
elaine: Want to go get something to eat?
elaine: I dont care, Im not hungry.
elaine: What are we gonna do there? Talk?
elaine: Ill go if I dont have to talk.
elaine: Okay. Im gonna check my machine first. (Elaine sees a pad of paper by the phone; reading) Picking someone up at the airport, jury duty, waiting for cable guy...
elaine: Oh, what is this?
elaine: I got some for you.
elaine: No no no no no, these are good. Listen, listen You ran out of underwear, you cant leave the house.
elaine: How about Youve been diagnosed as a multiple personality. Youre not even you. Youre Dan.
elaine: Here, here. Jerry Seinfeld, I cannot believe youre doing this. This is absolutely infantile.
elaine: Deal with it. Be a man!
elaine: You made a man cry? Ive never made a man cry. I even kicked a guy in the groin once and he didnt cry. I got the cab.
elaine: Wait, what pizza place idea?
elaine: Oh, that sounds like a great idea. It would be fun.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Oh, no no. Tuesdays uh no good becasue weve got choir practice.
elaine: We-Were doing that evening of Eastern European National Anthems.
elaine: Huh... Thursday is no good because weve got to get to the hospital to see if we qualify as those organ donors.
elaine: I know, I know. Im sorry Im late.
elaine: I dropped a grape.
elaine: I dropped a grape in the kitchen and it disappeared. I couldnt find it. I was, I was literally on my knees for ten minutes looking for this stupid grape. I have no idea where it went.
elaine: No, Im just getting over an allergy attack. This guy Im going out with...
elaine: Robert. Yes. Thank you. He has two cats and Im allergic to them. You know, I finally meet a normal man, and I cant even go into his apartment, you know. And, of course, my apartment is the actors studio so we cant go there. Its really causing a lot of problems, you know. He wont even go away for the weekend because of these cats.
elaine: Vanessa.
elaine: (balancing a spoon on her nose) Hey, why dont you take her to that place in Vermont I was telling you about? You know, that really charming place with the separate faucets for the hot and cold. Shell love it.
elaine: Youre getting what?
elaine: Id do it but I dont have any money.
elaine: Televising opera?
elaine: Tuna?
elaine: Theyre dying in the nets.
elaine: Jerry, cant you incorporate one unselfish act in your daily routine?
elaine: And Im going to have an English muffin with margarine on the side and a cup of coffee.
elaine: Thank you. What evidence is there that cats are so smart, anyway? Huh? What do they do? Because theyre clean? I am sorry. My Uncle Pete showers four times a day and he cant count to ten, so dont give me hygiene.
elaine: I dont know. I cant think of any solution, unless of course they should meet with some unfortunate accident. What do you think a hit man would charge to rub out a couple of cats?
elaine: What do you think, Jerry? You wanna make twenty-eight bucks?
elaine: How about we go over there right now and we shave them?
elaine: He actually went to the hospital?
elaine: Oh man, hes nuts.
elaine: Didnt work, huh?
elaine: We-Well, what are you gonna do about the stock?
elaine: Im kinda full.
elaine: Oh god.
elaine: No, I just have a cold.
elaine: I gave him an ultimatum.
elaine: Theyre very clean animals.
elaine: Almost as bad as losing out to a perfume.
elaine: Superman can go back in time?
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Hey, what are you doing?
elaine: Oh no. No. I dont want to sit in the back. Ill be left out of the conversation.
elaine: Yes, I will, George. Ill have to stick my chin on top of the seat.
elaine: Why cant you sit in the middle?
elaine: Youre afraid to sit next to a man. Youre a little homophobic, arent ya?
elaine: Hello, Jerry.
elaine: Did you get a haircut?
elaine: Tell me if you think this is strange. Theres this guy who lives in my building, who I was introduced to a couple of years ago by a friend. Hes a uh teacher, or something. Anyway, after we met, whenever wed run into each other on the street, or in the lobby, or whatever, we would stop and we would chat a little. Nothing much. Little pleasantries. Hes a nice guy, hes got a family. Then after a while, I noticed there was not more stopping. Just saying hello and continuing on our way. And then the verbal hellos stopped, and we just went into these little sort of nods of recognition. So, fine. I figure, thats where this relationship is finally gonna settle polite nodding. Then one day, he doesnt nod. Like I dont exist?! He went from nods to nothing.
elaine: And now, theres this intense animosity whenever we pass. I mean, its like we really hate each other. Its based on nothing.
elaine: Really?
elaine: You would do that?
elaine: Hi.
elaine: You know, you have the slowest elevator in the entire city. Thats hard to get used to when youre in so many other fast ones.
elaine: Unless youre married to a dictator.
elaine: Right. Exactly. So I imagine at some point somebodys going to offer me some cantaloupe?
elaine: So, I had what you might call a little encounter this morning.
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Yes. I spotted him getting his mail. And at first, I was just going to walk on by, but then I thought, No no no. No. Do not be afraid of this man.
elaine: So, I walked up behind him and I tapped him on the shoulder. And I said, Hi, remember me? And he furrows his brow, as if hes really trying to figure it out. So I said to him, I said, You little phony. You know exactly who I am.
elaine: I did. I most certainly did. And he said, he goes, Oh, yeah. Youre Jeanettes friend. We did meet once. And I said, Well, how do you go from that to totally ignoring a person when they walk by?
elaine: And he says, he says, Look, I just didnt want to say hello anymore, All right? And I said, Fine. Fine. I didnt want to say hello anymore either, but just I wanted you to know that Im aware of it!
elaine: This cantaloupe stinks.
elaine: No, no. Im fine.
elaine: (saving Jerry from Leo) Jerry, Jerry. Did you taste these peas? (to Manya) These peas are great!
elaine: Mmm... phenomenal peas.
elaine: Oh uh, I dont really eat dessert. Im dieting.
elaine: What about ponies? What kind of abnormal animal is that? And those kids who had their own ponies...
elaine: I actually like ponies. I was just trying to make conversation. What times your game?
elaine: And what times the funeral?
elaine: How long does a funeral take?
elaine: So you cant do both?
elaine: How can you even consider not going?
elaine: You know, funerals always make me think about my own mortality and how Im actually gonna die someday. Me, dead. Imagine that.
elaine: Is this a waste of time? What should we be doing? Cant you have coffee with people?
elaine: He has to go. He may have killed her.
elaine: Oh, yeah, but I didnt say I hated anyone who had one.
elaine: Maybe shes there in spirit. How about that?
elaine: George, I met this woman. She is not traveling to any other dimensions.
elaine: Phoenix? Whats happening with his appartment?
elaine: Three hundred a month? Oh, my God.
elaine: Oh, me too.
elaine: So, I understand youre moving to Phoenix?
elaine: Mmm, gorgeous, exquisite town. So, whats happening with your apartment?
elaine: Oh, you can have mine. Ill ship it out to you. (Isaac isn't listening to Elaine) But what about that big apartment on West End Avenue?
elaine: Dry, wet... (trying to get through to him) whats happening with your apartment?
elaine: I have an idea. Leave the winter clothing in the apartment, and Ill watch it for you and Ill live there and Ill make sure that nothing happens to it.
elaine: Oh, Jeffrey.
elaine: I remember saying to myself, Why is Jerry so far off the base?
elaine: I couldnt believe it when I saw you running. (laughing) I thought maybe they had changed the rules or something.
elaine: Makes you wonder, though, doesnt it?
elaine: You know... (looking up) the spirit world.
elaine: I never saw anyone play like that.
elaine: Yeah, but that doesnt make up for killin her.
elaine: The back? They never find anything in the back. If they had anything good in the back, theyd put it out in the front.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Im not so sure he wants one.
elaine: Hey, dont forget Sunday, okay? You and George are coming, right? Hotel Westbury, eight oclock.
elaine: What? What, you dont want to go now?
elaine: No, Jerry, you have to. I need a buffer. You know, I havent seen my father in a while and... you know...
elaine: So, thats why were not together anymore.
elaine: Try it on.
elaine: Wow, this is soft suede.
elaine: (shocked) Oh my God.
elaine: You have no idea.
elaine: No idea.
elaine: There is no park and the team has relocated.
elaine: Oh man, that is a beautiful jacket, though.
elaine: Well, its just a lining. You can always have it changed.
elaine: Im sorry. Im so sorry. Where is Dad?
elaine: Kramer! That... Kramer! Im just about to leave, he calls me up. He begs me to sit in his car for two minutes, so he can pick up these birds...
elaine: Well, he said hed drive me here right after. So, I am sitting in his car twenty minutes! He doesnt come down. I am freezing. Then a cop comes by, tells me to get out of the car. Hes a city marshal. Hes towing the car away. Kramer owes thousands of dollars in back tickets. He was going to tow it with me in the car! So, they tow the car. Now, I am standing outside, and I am freezing, but I cannot leave because I have to tell him what happened to the car. So, finally, he finally comes down with his giant cage filled with doves. He said he was getting special instructions, that each dove has a different diet... So, were wandering around trying to get a cab, when two of these doves fly out! Now were running down the street after these doves; I almost got hit by a bus! (Elaine sits in Altons chair and takes a deep breath.) So hows everything going over here?
elaine: Good. Cause Dad can make some people a little uncomfortable.
elaine: Man, Kramer! I could kill him!
elaine: Oh, hi, Dad.
elaine: No one.
elaine: Fine.
elaine: Yeah, Im reading manuscripts for Pendant Publishing. I told you ten times.
elaine: Ohh... its snowing. Its beautiful.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Okay. (to Kramer) Hello. (to Jerry) Listen, thanks again for coming last night. Dad said he had a great time.
elaine: No, hes driving back to Maryland tonight.
elaine: (to Jerry) I didnt want to tell you this, but usually he hates everyone.
elaine: Yeah, he like you though. Said you reminded him of somebody he knew in Korea.
elaine: Dad thinks George is gay.
elaine: No, he pretty much thinks everyone is gay.
elaine: Isnt that...? (Jerry nods.) Oh, is this from the snow last night? (Jerry nods.) Ugh... you know what you shouldve done? You shouldve turned it inside out.
elaine: I once broke up with a guy because he didnt keep his bathroom clean enough.
elaine: Oh yeah, I told him all the time. You would not have believed his tub. Germs were building a town in there  they were constructing offices. Houses near the drain were going for a hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Maybe coffee was coffee.
elaine: Well some people drink coffee that late.
elaine: Its all in your head. All she knows is she had a good time. I think you should call her.
elaine: Oh, why? I love it when guys call me the next day.
elaine: All shell think is that you like her.
elaine: Well, she wants you to like her.
elaine: I dont know what your parents did to you.
elaine: It is funny.
elaine: Oh, see, this is the problem.
elaine: (encouraging) Dont forget.
elaine: Yknow, my brother-in-law once left a message on this guys machine, and he blurted out some business information he wasnt supposed to, and it would have cost him fifteen thousand dollars, so he waited outside the guys house and when the guy came home he went upstairs with him and he switched the tape.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I guess it was just a matter of time.
elaine: I dont mean to interrupt or anything, but on Sunday, my friend is having a brunch for the New York Marathon.
elaine: She lives right above First Avenue, says she has a perfect view of the race. And she said I can invite some friends.
elaine: What was that all about?
elaine: Whats going on? What is that look?
elaine: Somethings going on here.
elaine: Jumping up and down? What are you talking about? Cmon. Cough it up.
elaine: Would you please?
elaine: Told me what?!
elaine: (dumbfounded) No.
elaine: No.
elaine: You didnt.
elaine: You got me an apartment in the building?!
elaine: How did you...
elaine: No.
elaine: (thrilled) She died?!
elaine: She died!
elaine: Get out!
elaine: Four hundred a month? Only four hundred a month?!
elaine: And Ill be right upstairs?
elaine: Right above you?
elaine: Oh, were neighbors. Ill be here all the time!
elaine: (overly excited) We can exchange keys so we can come in and out. Oh, this is going to be great!
elaine: Yeah.
"elaine: (to someone in the hallway) No, Ill be seeing you. (She enters the apartment; singing) ""Good morning, good morning.. (to Jerry and George) Have you ever gotten up in the morning and felt its great to be alive? That every breath is a gift of sweet life from above?"
elaine: Oh, and before I forget, I have the checks for the first month, last months security deposit. (laughs) I have seventy-five dollars left in my account.
elaine: Oh, I know. Theres a weak shower spray, I know. Ive already thought about it, and Im switching to baths. As Winston Churchill said, Why stand when you can sit? Maybe Ill get some rubber duckies.
elaine: Five thousand dollars? I dont have five thousand dollars.
elaine: (disappointed) How am I going to get five thousand dollars?
elaine: Im not moving in.
elaine: They want five thousand dollars now.
elaine: I dont have five thousand dollars.
elaine: No, thats too much money to borrow.
elaine: Of course Id pay you back..
elaine: Well Jerry, it might take a while for me to pay you back. Maybe a few years. How do you feel about that?
elaine: Well, you know, money can sometimes come between friends.
elaine: Let me think about it.
elaine: I dont know... I dont know. Five thousand... let me just take one more look at it.
elaine: Ill take it!
elaine: Oh, hi, Roxanne. Nice to be here. These are my friends. This is George, and this is Jerry.
elaine: Jerrys the one who got me my new apartment.
elaine: Jerry, this is Joanne, and this is Stan. Theyre in my short story class with Roxanne and me.
elaine: Hey, Jerry just got me a great apartment in his building!
elaine: Oh, Rita come here. This is Jerry. Hes the one who got me the apartment.
elaine: (to Jerry) So you and Roxanne are hitting it off, huh?
elaine: Really? From a distance, you seemed to be coming on to her.
elaine: Because, I was thinking... are you at all concerned that living in the same building will, yknow... cramp our styles?
elaine: Because, I was worried that there might be a situation in which one of us come home with somebody, it could get a little uncomfortable. But, as long as youre okay with it, its fine with me.
elaine: Wow. Youre right. That is loud.
elaine: They rehearse all the time?
elaine: Boy, too bad. If I was up there, youd never hear a peep out of me. Im as quiet as a mouse.
elaine: You told them that?
elaine: (excited) This is so fantastic. I dont know how to thank you.
elaine: Oh, probably caught in traffic.
elaine: Theres no Rubber Man.
elaine: Im leaving.
elaine: To Ravas house. Ive gotta pick up her manuscript.
elaine: (to Rava) So, the meeting with Lippman is all set. Hes the editor-in-chief! I think because of your request-
elaine: They're going to promote me to editor.
elaine: Jerry? Jerry!
elaine: What statue?
elaine: You have a statue? I never saw a statue.
elaine: Since when?
elaine: Do you realize what youre saying?
elaine: Are you sure?
elaine: Ninety-nine percent sure?!
elaine: Maybe it just looks the same. Maybe its just a coincidence.
elaine: I never saw the statue.
elaine: I dont know.
elaine: Oh Jerry, dont blow this for me.
elaine: Oh, see you tomorrow morning.
elaine: Well, then, if hes crazy you should just forget it.
elaine: George, do you realize that Rava has asked me to edit her book?
elaine: No!
elaine: All right, look, look, look. Lets say he stole it.
elaine: Cmon, you cant do anything about it. The cops wont do anything. What, are you going to fight him? Why dont you just forget it?
elaine: Nervous?
elaine: Yeah. Right.
elaine: The book is great. Did you go out last night?
elaine: They all are.
elaine: I cant remember.
elaine: Oh, well, Im staying out of this one. This is between them. I am not getting involved.
elaine: Well, you have to admit... the circumstantial evidence...
elaine: Well, I mean, he was in the apartment, and then its gone and its in your apartment.
elaine: No, no. But it is quite a coincidence.
elaine: A big coincidence.
elaine: No, thats a big coincidence.
elaine: No, there are degrees of coincidences.
elaine: Shouldnt you be out on a ledge somewhere?
elaine: Why dont we just throw a Molotov cocktail through their window?
elaine: Well, how do you think I feel? Instead of editing the first novel of a major young writing talent, I am proofreading a food allergy cookbook.
elaine: I did. He loves Rava. Worse, he loves Ray. And he didn't think youre funny at all.
elaine: Which one is he?
elaine: Oh, yeah. I see him.
elaine: Why pass up the opportunity to go to prison?
elaine: Yeah. It is kind of cool.
elaine: I can't believe we're doing this. This is the kind of thing they do in the movies.
elaine: Really?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Wouldn't it be easier just to punch him in the mouth?
elaine: Oops! (bumps into Levitan) 'Scuse me.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: (sneezes)
elaine: Oh! Thank you. Thank you very much. (blowing nose) Really. I mean that. I am not one of those people who give insincere thank you's. No sir. No sir. When I thank someone I really thank them. So, thank... yoooou!
"elaine: People don't say "" God bless you "" as much as they used to. Have you noticed that?"
elaine: (having trouble getting him to pay attention) So, I'm going to a nudist colony next week.
elaine: Oh, yeah. Yeah. I love nudist colonies. They help me..unwind. Aah!
elaine: Oh, really? Oh, you should go. They're great. They're great. Of course, when it's over, it's - it's hard to get used to all this clothing, you know. So, a lot of times, I'll just lock the door to my office and I'll just sit there naked.
elaine: Oh, yeah. I usually work naked a...couple hours a day.
elaine: I cook naked, I clean....I clean naked, I drive naked. Naked. Naked. Naked.
elaine: Oh, you don't wanna know, mistah. I'm trouble. Big trouble.
elaine: No. No. No. No. No. I don't really have a phone. In fact, I - I really don't have an apartment. I kinda sleep around.
elaine: I just like to have and few drinks and just let the guy do whatever he wants. Would you close your eyes for a second? I wanna tell you a secret about my bra.
elaine: Well, to teach something you really have to know a lot about it. I think you need a degree.
elaine: What do you got, a cucumber?
elaine: You're bringing in an ouside cucumber?
"elaine: No. Let me see that. (Takes the paper from Jerry) Don't-mess-with-Johnny."""
elaine: (Joking) Did you mess with Johnny, Jerry?
elaine: Hey, where's Kramer?
elaine: I think what he's trying to say is that he's having a heart attack.
elaine: George!
elaine: Jerry!
elaine: Hi, George. How ya feeling? Is anybody getting your apartment?
elaine: (Jokingly hits the doctor) Whose tonsils grow back? (Laughs)
elaine: I still have my tonsils. Everyone in my family has their tonsils. In fact, we were forbidden to socialize with anyone who didn't have their tonsils.
elaine: (Flustered) Oh, I'm sorry. (Doctor exits) I just.. have to ask that doctor one more question. (Leaves)
elaine: Uh-huh.
elaine: Can you let go of my tongue now?
elaine: Let go of my tongue!
elaine: Well, I should get going.. (The Doctor leans in for a kiss. Elaine stops him) What are you doing?
elaine: A kiss? With the tongue? The glossa with the bumps and the papillae? ..Yech, I don't think so. (Leaves)
elaine: Oh, poor George. Oh, I'm sorry, but I can't stay long. I don't want to run into Doctor Tongue.. Here, I brought you something. (Takes out a pint of ice cream. George gets excited) Oh, please, come on.. it was nothing.
elaine: Robert Vaughn, The Helsinki Formula?
elaine: Guess whose birthday's comin' up soon?
elaine: Oh, right. I hope you have a good oral surgeon because that can be very serious. (Changes channel) Hey, look at naked people.
elaine: Been a while?
elaine: I think my last time was in Rochester. My hair was a lot shorter.
elaine: What?
elaine: What was that look?
elaine: The look you just gave me.
elaine: Yes.
elaine: I know that look.
elaine: Why should I tell you?
elaine: Trust me. I know the look. (Pause) So...
elaine: What about the look?
elaine: You got something on your mind?
elaine: Things occur to me from time to time.
elaine: No, of course not.
elaine: Thirty-seven.
elaine: We know the terrain.
elaine: Nope.
elaine: I don't know. What do you think?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: What if.
elaine: Certainly not.
elaine: I know.
elaine: It's almost stupid if we didn't.
elaine: Absurd!
elaine: We, there are always a few.
elaine: Devastating.
elaine: And that would be good. (Points to bedroom)
elaine: Yeah, we just wanna take this and add that.
elaine: Huh.
elaine: Right.
elaine: Well why should that be? Oh, I have an idea. I have an idea. No call the day after that.
elaine: All right, sir.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Okay, okay. Rule Number Two. Spending the night is optional!
elaine: What about the kiss goodnight?
elaine: It's brug-wa (?).
elaine: Well.
elaine: Ready.
elaine: Definitely. (Runs into bookshelf)
elaine: The roommate's.
elaine: She keeps track of everything.
elaine: Thanks.
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Fine, go away.
elaine: Just go.
elaine: Oh, surgery. You're going to the dentist.
elaine: Okay, so fine. Go.
elaine: Yeah, it's my house, it's my option.
elaine: Oh, of course it does. (Elaine's roommate, Tina, enters)
elaine: Oh really?
elaine: Uh, Tina? Could you excuse us for just one second?
elaine: What are you doing?
elaine: I'm not mad.
elaine: No, no. Jerry, I'm fine really. It's okay.
elaine: Definitely. Are you?
elaine: Goodn-- (He starts to kiss her) What're you doing?
elaine: Rules.
elaine: Oh, how could I not like it? Of course I'll like it.
elaine: Just the fact that you remembered means everything.
elaine: Cash?
elaine: You got me cash?
elaine: Who are you, my uncle?
elaine: Let me see the card. (Reading) To a wonderful girl, a great pal, and more? (Kramer enters)
elaine: Pal? You think I'm your pal?
elaine: I am not your pal.
elaine: Oh, what is this? You got me something?
elaine: Oh Kramer... (She opens it) The bench! You got me the bench that I wanted! (Jerry looks irritated)
elaine: (Reading card) Think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such a friend.
elaine: Oh Kramer. (They embrace)
elaine: I know.
elaine: Ever.
elaine: Like clams.
elaine: A pleasure.
elaine: I can't do it.
elaine: I can't do that.
elaine: This, that, and the other.
elaine: You.
elaine: No.
elaine: All right, you can take it. But I want it back.
elaine: Ah, this. And that.
elaine: Todd.
elaine: No, he's not.
elaine: By marriage.
elaine: Oh, pardon me for trying to set you up with a beautiful, intelligent woman.
elaine: She stopped performing.
elaine: It was an accident!
elaine: I don't know what I'm gonna do. She asked me to give her a baby shower.
elaine: anyone else, never. But, Leslie - I have a problem saying no to. For some reason, I seem to want her approval.
elaine: Oh, would you two stop with the Kennedys? Why does everybody make such a big deal about he Kennedys? What is this fascination?! Who cares?! It's all so boring..
elaine: (To Jerry) I do have one teeny little problem, though.
elaine: See, I was gonna give the shower in my apartment..
elaine: My roommate has Lyme disease.
elaine: She has this in addition to Epstein-Barr. It's like Epstein-Barr with a twist of Lyme disease.
elaine: I don't know. She did some outdoor version of Hair in Danbury, Connecticut.
elaine: It's a classic.
elaine: I guess. She must've rolled over on a tick during the love-in.
elaine: What do you wanna know?
elaine: Rarely.
elaine: No.
elaine: Saturday.
elaine: I'll take full responsibility. You won't regret it.
elaine: So, where's Todd?
elaine: Oh my God, Hyannisport? With the Kennedys? Who else is up there? Is Rose up there?!
elaine: Leslie, Leslie, whatever happened to Sargent Shriver? Is he still with them? You don't hear much about him these days. Is he out of the loop?
elaine: (Whispering to Kramer) What is this?! What are you doing here?
elaine: The cable? No, no, no. I'm having a party here. You can't do this now!
elaine: Who's this guy?
elaine: Both of the them.
elaine: Okay.. Does Jerry know about this?
elaine: You can't! You can't do this now!
elaine: Alright. Just do it fast and then get out.
elaine: (To Kramer) Kramer, Kramer, look at him. (Gestures to Tabachnick) Look! He's eating all the food!
elaine: Kramer!
elaine: What are you doing here? I thought you were out of town for the weekend.
elaine: I can't believe you told Kramer it's okay to put the cable in during the shower! Jerry, look,, look! They've eaten everything.
elaine: (Speaking confidentially to George) George, don't even think about it! Don't even dream about it!
elaine: I'm sorry you have to go.
elaine: Oh, Leslie, I am so sorry about everything that went on here tonight. You know, I had no idea..
"elaine: (Not sure if it was an insult or a compliment) Oh, thank you. (Leslie leaves. Then Elaine wonders to herself) ""Like you were in college""?"
elaine: Why can't I meet a Kennedy? ..I saw John Junior once downtown. I was on a bus. I hit the ding, but.. it didn't stop.
elaine: No, they've just got to get more cops on the force, it's as simple as that.
elaine: You should run for mayor.
elaine: Where is someone? I'm starving.
elaine: Is there a table ready?
elaine: How many?
elaine: Let's go someplace else, I am too hungry.
elaine: You mean lying to your uncle?
elaine: Jerry, get menus so when we sit down we can order right away.
elaine: Everything's gotta be just so with you, doesn't it?
elaine: Health cookies. I hate those little dustboard fructose things.
elaine: What?
elaine: I've never seen her before.
elaine: I'm sorry.
elaine: Didja see that? Those people, look, they're getting a table.
elaine: No no no, they weren't here before.
elaine: Find out what's going on!
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Did you ever notice how happy people are when they finally get a table? They think they're so special because they've been chosen. It's enough to make you sick.
elaine: I'm gonna faint...
elaine: Ya know, its not fair people are seated First Come First Served, It should be based on who's hungriest. I feel like just going over there and taking some food off somebody's plate.
elaine: What do you mean?
elaine: 50 bucks, you'll give me 50 bucks?
elaine: OK, I don't wanna go over there and do it, and then come back here and find out there was some little loophole, like I didn't put mustard on it or something...
elaine: Should I do it, George?
elaine: Alright, alright. Here, hold this. I'm doin' it.
elaine: Did you see that?
elaine: How do people fast? Did Ghandi get this crazy? I'm gonna walk around, see what dishes look good.
elaine: I hate this place. I don't know why we came here, I'm never coming back here again.
elaine: Remember when you first went out to eat with your parents? Remember, it was such a treat to go and they serve you this different food that you never saw before, and they put it in front of you, and it is such a delicious and exciting adventure? And now I just feel like a big sweaty hog waiting for them to fill up the trough.
elaine: Jerry, talk to that guy again.
elaine: Tell him we wanna catch a movie and that we're late.
elaine: He's always here? What does that mean? What does that mean?
elaine: Where am I? Is this a dream? What in God's name is going on here?!
elaine: Oh, Jerry, here comes that woman...
elaine: Hi, I'm Elaine.
elaine: The one you broke the plans with tonight?
elaine: You should've just had dinner with your uncle tonight and gotten in over with. It's just a movie.
elaine: Alright, OK. Let's stop fooling around. Let's just slip him some money.
elaine: Do they take money? Everyone takes money. I used to go out with a guy who did it all the time, you just slip him 20 bucks.
elaine: Well what do you want to give him, change?
elaine: I guess it's you, Jer.
elaine: Oh, I can't do that, it's a guy thing.
elaine: Give me the money.
elaine: How's it going'?
elaine: Boy, we are REALLY anxious to sit down.
elaine: If there's anything you can do to get us a table we'd really appreciate it.
elaine: No no, I want to eat now! (she gets the money from under the page)
elaine: No no, no, I want that table. I want that table! Oh, come on, did you see that? What was that? He took the money, he didn't give us a table.
elaine: Well, how could he do that?
elaine: Make it clear?
elaine: So when are we gonna eat?
elaine: Oh, well I have to eat.
elaine: Eat it in the cab? Chinese food in a cab?
elaine: Oh, who do you think you're going? Do you think that they have big picnic tables there?
elaine: I say we leave now, we go to 'Skyburger' and we scarf 'em down.
elaine: I can't have popcorn for dinner!
elaine: Oh, movie hotdogs! I rather lick the food off the floor.
elaine: Well me neither, I'm goin' to 'Skyburger'.
elaine: You don't need us.
elaine: What for? Let's just get out of here.
elaine: Do you want some of mine?
elaine: (Elaine turns to look at the man, trying to make it sound like they aren't talking about him) The thing about that painting.. is with the colors and um.. (Turns back to Jerry) Oh yeah, plugola.
elaine: (Slightly embarrassed) Yes, a guy.
elaine: Seattle.
elaine: (To Jerry) You tell him.
elaine: Ed.
elaine: ..We shared an interpersonal experience. (George hits his glass with his fork. To Jerry) Go on.
elaine: On some people.
elaine: It was just gonna be a weekend, but then somehow it became a week.
elaine: (Joking, she snobbishly says) I'm never eating here again.
elaine: I said I would never eat here again.. But, I, I.. he had to know I was kidding.
elaine: Oh, I said it in a kidding way.
elaine: Was it my fault?
elaine: (Through intercom) Yeah.
elaine: I don't know if you people are aware of this, but I am one clever chickadee.
elaine: His phone's been disconnected, but I was able to obtain an address - 1324 Amsterdam Avenue, apartment 4D. (Hands George a card) Now, I did my job. (To Jerry) May I have the car keys, please?
"elaine: Does the word ""charm"" mean anything to you?"
elaine: I would, but I have to pick up Ed at the airport.
elaine: Ed's downstairs. CAn I have the car keys?
elaine: Got any asprin? (Finds some) Hello. Now, lookit, you guarantee this car will get me to the airport tomarrow? No problems?
elaine: Because if there's even the slightest chance of any problem at all, I don't want to take it - because if I don't get this guy on a plane to Seattle and out of my life, I'm gonna kill him, and everyone who tries to stop me.
elaine: I heard a little ping in the car last time. What was that ping?
elaine: Jerry, you cannot imagine how much I hate this guy.. and he hasn't even done anything! It's the situation. He's a wonderful guy, but I hate his guts!
elaine: I've got it all mapped out - I'm taking the tunnel.
elaine: I spoke to a cab driver. For five bucks, he turned me on to the Rockaway Boulevard shortcut.
elaine: Now, lookit, this plane leaves at 1015. We're getting up at about eight. That gives us enough time, right?
elaine: (Trying to wake Ed up) Get up! The alarm clock didn't go off! (Shakes him) It's 915! You're gonna miss the plane! It's 915!
elaine: Yes! 915!
elaine: Tomarrow?! Are you crazy? No, now, now! Let's go! (Gets his suitcase from the closet, throws it on the bed, and frantically starts packing) You get dressed! Get dressed!
elaine: Shower?! ARe you out of your mind?!
elaine: Forget the shower! The shower's out. Move it! Put your clothes on! Put your clothes on! (Pulls out drawers of clothes, turning them over in the suitcase. He walks tward the door) Where are you going?
elaine: The kitchen?!
elaine: They're not making it! Let's get your pants on!
elaine: No! You have your ticket! You have to go now!
elaine: Don't say that!
elaine: Shut up and pack!
elaine: You're talking too much!
elaine: What?!
elaine: What? What sweater?
elaine: You didn't bring a brown sweater.
elaine: Here! Here! You want a brown sweater?! (Recahes into one of her drawers, and grabs a brown sweater, then packs it) You got a brown sweater!
elaine: It's brown! (Takes clothes still on the hangers, and dumps them into the suitcase)
elaine: NO time for folding.. (Looks around) I think that's it. (Zips up the suitcase)
elaine: Shoes? Shoes?! Shoes?! Shoes weren't invented till the fourth century! People walked around for thousands of years without them! (Puts her coat on over her nightie. He picks up his suitcase, she grabs it from him, then pushes him out of her way) I got this. Let's go!
elaine: (Slow, as if remember a dream) I never new I could drive like that. I was going faster than I've ever gone before, and yet, it all seemed to be happening in slow motion. I was seeing three and four moves ahead, weaving in and out of lanes like an Olympic skier on a gold metal run. I knew I was challenging the very laws of physics. At Queens Boulevard, I took the shoulder. At Jewel Avenue, I used the median. I had it. I was there.. and then.. I hit the Van Wyck. They say no one's ever beaten the Van Wyck, but gentlemen, I tell you this - I came as close as anyone ever has. And if it hadn't been for that five-car-pile-up on Rockaway Boulevard, that numbskull would be on a plane for Seattle right now instead of looking for a parking space downstairs.
elaine: (Into the intercom) Yeah?
elaine: He's coming up. (Buzzes him in) He's coming up..
elaine: Oh, that was awful. Poor Antonio. (Waiter hands Elaine two bags of food to go) ..Thanks.
elaine: Till when - till he goes back to Seattle, or till he can feed himself?
elaine: Take care of yourselves. (Leaves)
elaine: I don't like to talk during a massage.
elaine: Oh! I forgot to tell you--
elaine: Oh, okay, go ahead.
elaine: What happened?
elaine: Oh, wasn't that terrible?
elaine: She doesn't want to hear that, that was stupid.
elaine: Really stupid. (she takes a big sip from her bottled water.)
elaine: I can't believe you said that.
elaine: So, whatd she say?
elaine: I have a good masseuse you could go to.
elaine: So where do you get this note?
elaine: What's the name of this physical therapist?
elaine: Right.
elaine: (quietly) Ok.
elaine: Why not?
elaine: No, I don't want the man either.
elaine: He'd just be touching your back.
elaine: No, it could get sexual.
elaine: I wouldn't be comfortable.
elaine: What could happen?
elaine: It's supposed to feel good.
elaine: Then why get the massage?
elaine: How'd it go? George?
elaine: What? (he bumps her with his butt to move over)
elaine: What?
elaine: Hey, you scrunched me. I sat down here first.
elaine: Joe DiMaggio?
elaine: Joe DiMaggio dunks his donut?!
elaine: Why couldn't he be a dunker?
elaine: So then what?
elaine: Why didn't you just call out his name?
elaine: A what?
elaine: Hey, George? What is this? (laughing, Elaine makes the same outstretched arm motion) What is that? No really, what is that?
elaine: Three notes?
elaine: You got me a note?
elaine: But I got my own note.
elaine: I got a note from my gynecologist.
elaine: I didn't know you were getting me a note.
elaine: But you didn't say anything. Ohhh
elaine: Wait a--
elaine: Well, I mean it's only a six month probation, it's a slap on the wrist.
elaine: Of what?
elaine: What do they do?
elaine: (gasps)
elaine: And he's dunking!
elaine: Hi,
elaine: Kramer, do me a favour will ya'. If you insist o making pasta in my apartment please don't put the tomato sauce on the pasta while it's in the strainer. All the little squares have hardened red sauce in them.
elaine: What's so funny
elaine: Uh, it's a riot Alice.
elaine: Any other time.
elaine: And ... I could really live without the tribal music ... and the make out sessions in the living room
elaine: What are you doing? What is all this?
elaine: O, your being auditted? What for?
elaine: When was this?
elaine: I remember you donated to some volcano thing on our first date.
elaine: Oh, wait a minute. Don't tell me that that was ...
elaine: What did you think, that would impress me?
elaine: Like you this donation for 50 bucks and I'd start tearing my clothes off?
elaine: Now you're being audited because of it. You see That's Karma.
elaine: So, waddya' going to do?
elaine: How is that?
elaine: Why is she doing this?
elaine: I don't blame ya'
elaine: No.
elaine: How would you like it if someone told YOU the truth?
elaine: There are plenty of things to say.
elaine: George, please.
elaine: You sure?
elaine: What?
elaine: Forget it. You are very careful with money.
elaine: You asked me to.
elaine: HUH, so should you.
elaine: I know.
elaine: Pocketbook or a handbag?
elaine: (from intercom) I just finished working out are you busy?
elaine: hell-oo
elaine: You haven't told him?
elaine: Huh, go ahead, tell him.
elaine: He saw me naked. Kramer, ... saw me naked.
elaine: Who walks into a woman's bedroom without knocking. I want to know!
elaine: Jerrryyy, How can I go on?
elaine: No thanks!
elaine: No, no no.
elaine: No! Jerry! Jerry!
elaine: What is this?
elaine: Ah, I'm going to kill myself on that thiing. You can't even see it.
elaine: Who told you this
elaine: Oh, my god.
elaine: KRAMER!
elaine: WILL YOU PLEASE PUT SOMETHING ON.
elaine: It's invisible.
elaine: Well,
elaine: The Truth!, You want The Truth?
elaine: The truth is ... I think you make ... a very nice couple.
elaine: I can't. I have to go visit Tina in the hospital.
elaine: Yeah, I suppose I am.
elaine: You know you're chippin' in.
elaine: Hi Mr. Seinfeld! (hug)
elaine: (looking by the window) Ooh, you have a lake?
elaine: I can't take your bedroom.
elaine: I can't kick you out of your bed.
elaine: Yeah, I'll just stay in here. (goes in the guest room)
elaine: Hi. Nice to meet you.
elaine: And scuba diving.
elaine: Mmm, nice to meet you.
elaine: Here, let me see it. (She takes a pad to try the pen) Hey, it writes upside down.
elaine: Come in.
elaine: Why is it so hot in here? How can they sleep like this?
elaine: Oh man. What is with this bar? It's right in my back. It's killing me.
elaine: I am never gonna fall asleep.
elaine: How can they not put the air conditioning on?
elaine: This bar is right in my back! It's making a dent.
elaine: I'm sweating here. I'm in bed, sweating.
elaine: Oh!
elaine: My back.
elaine: That... That bed. The bar was right in my back.
elaine: I don't even know if I can go scuba diving.
elaine: You can go.
elaine: (whispering to Jerry) Yes!
elaine: Mrs Seinfeld, please. I am begging you. Put the air conditioner on.
elaine: I've lost 6 pounds.
elaine: (with pain) Hi Evelyn.
elaine: The astronauts use them.
elaine: Somebody please-- THE AIR CONDITIONER!
elaine: No no, I wanna go.
elaine: Oh, oh, O.K. (Helen holds her sweater tight against herself) You can turn down the air conditioning if you want.
elaine: You're not too cold?
elaine: Having a good time!
elaine: My back hurts.
elaine: (still on the floor) Uh... What about those muscle relaxers?
elaine: Say what? (laughing) Say what?
elaine: (still laughing, she says it just as the picture is taking) Astro...naut!
elaine: (still with her imitation, shouting even louder) STELLA! STELLA!
elaine: (wakes up and yells very loud) STELLA!
elaine: Five days? You want me to stay here for five more days?
elaine: (discouraged) Five days. Here.
elaine: Excuse me?
elaine: (to Jerry) Five more days?
elaine: Well it's only been three days, I'm sure he's gonna call.
elaine: If only.
elaine: Hey, when you walk him, do ya...
elaine: Do you pick it up?
elaine: You pick it up?!?
elaine: Oh, boy would I love to see that.
elaine: Maybe you should call the airline, they might know where he is.
elaine: No, milk.
elaine: What is a bender anyhow?
elaine: I can't believe he hasn't called.
elaine: We're going to the movies, we're gonna see Prognosis Negative.
elaine: Kramer, I don't know how you lasted as long as you did.
elaine: If you could see her personality it would be like one of the Elephant Man exhibits, you know where they pull off the sheet and everyone gasps.
elaine: Are we still going to the movies tonight?
elaine: Just me and George?
elaine: But we need you.
elaine: Because... Yeah?
elaine: Because I relate to George through you, we're like friends-in-law. Besides, you said we were gonna see Prognosis Negative together. Can't you just put some newspapers down or something?
elaine: Just me and George alone?
elaine: Do, do you?
elaine: It,s, it's up to you.
elaine: Well, it's, I really wanted to see Prognosis Negative with Jerry, uh, you wanna see Ponce de Leon?
elaine: Oh! I tell you what. How about if I come back here first and I clean everything up and I open up the windows and if you're still not satisfied we can switch apartments for the night.
elaine: I know, it's not that.
elaine: About three years.
elaine: Hmm.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Yeah. So I've been here about six years.
elaine: Jerry likes Morning Thunder.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Jerry doesn't know Morning Thunder has caffeine in it.
elaine: No.
elaine: I know!
elaine: It was weird because George and I get along so great in so many situations but this is the first time we ever really went one-on-one.
elaine: The only time it wasn't uncomfortable was when we were making fun of you.
elaine: Do you have to?
elaine: You know, the guy might have just lost your number.
elaine: Jerry, do you know what they do to dogs at the pound? They keep them there for a week and then if nobody claims them, they kill them.
elaine: What is it?
elaine: Terrific.
elaine: Yes, she understands you and she is not demanding.
elaine: Oh, Kramer, we didn't mean it.
elaine: Kramer, we like her.
elaine: I believe I referred to her personality as a potential science exhibit.
elaine: Well.
elaine: Jerry, can't you just give it one more day, it's not his fault.
elaine: Alright, I tell you what. How about if you and George go to the movies, and I stay here and watch the dog tonight.
elaine: We'll see it Sunday.
elaine: I'm not going, I'm gonna watch the dog.
elaine: Well, you know, I mean, sometimes it's good to get there and make sure you get your seats and then go to the bathroom.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Who's stopping you?
elaine: Like we care if you go to the bathroom.
elaine: Good. Good. You?
elaine: Boy, he takes such a long time.
elaine: You know what he does in there? He gargles.
elaine: Yeah, he does it like six times a day.
elaine: Because he does it quiet. He does it quiet. Lookit, Just like this, watch.
elaine: We talked about that already.
elaine: Gimme the jacket, furface, this is not Seinfeld you're dealing with! When I get through with you, you'll be begging to go to the pound!
elaine: Shut up. Shut up! (Answers phone) Hello? No, who's calling? Oh my god, the dog guy. Where have *you* been? Yeah, well you better pick up your dog tonight or he has humped his last leg.
elaine: We made plans.
elaine: I thought you wanted to see Prognosis Negative.
elaine: Jerry, you promised me we'd go.
elaine: Wait, George saw the movie? I saw him yesterday, he didn't mention it.
elaine: Yeah, I wanted to talk about how we have nothing to talk about.
elaine: I thought she was the one.
elaine: Okay, c'mon it's movie time.
elaine: Where's Karen?
elaine: Well, she didn't ask me what I wanted.
elaine: How could she forget I've been ordering lunch every day here for 3 and a half years?
"elaine: Ah, you don't know anything. You see, ""I don't know anything"", means there's something to know. If you really didn't know anything you would have said ""You're crazy."""
elaine: Oh, hi Mr. Lippman.
elaine: Um, uh, I was wondering if you got a chance to look at that , um, biography of Columbus, I gave you?
elaine: Ooh yeah, It's freezing. ... Hurts your teeth.
elaine: I'm tellin' ya' somethin' is goin' on. He never likes anything I recommend. And then that lunch thing.
elaine: What do you know. You've never worked in an office. (TURNS TO GEORGE) See, George, you've worked in an office. Jerry thinks I'm over reacting but you understand, ... LUNCH!
elaine: What did he do?
elaine: Come on tell me what happened.
elaine: Why do they call it a wedgie?
elaine: Boys are sick.
elaine: We just tease some one 'til they develop an eating disorder. guy who ruined his life.
elaine: Lippman want's to see me in his office SEE ME! That can't be good
elaine: Maybe I'm getting' a wedgie.
elaine: What?
elaine: George is on his way up.
elaine: Are you OK? What? What?
elaine: Remember that biography I recommended? MY BOSS HATED IT
elaine: Remember that Columbus book?
elaine: Him? Him who?
elaine: Hayman The gym teacher? You found him?
elaine: At least it wasn't atomic.
elaine: Oh? So, I took your suggestion and I gave my boss Marion's poems. The ones that affected Kramer so much.
elaine: No, ... he didn't! No, ... he didn't!
elaine: Hey, I didn't get one either.
elaine: This is what people do.
elaine: So we took a little ride. What's the big deal?
elaine: What do you do?
elaine: Who?
elaine: Isn't it going the other way?
elaine: But it's Saturday.
elaine: What's the matter?
elaine: Oh she's fat?
elaine: What? JERRY Where's the car?
elaine: I didn't pay attention.
elaine: I'm sure it's right around here.
elaine: It's black, right?
elaine: How long can fish live in one of these plastic bags?
elaine: (SHE LOOKS AT HER WATCH) You'd better find this car.
elaine: (RE CAR) There it is!...No that's not it.
elaine: (CONT'D) Hey, watch it. ...Did you see that car? Maniac. Can you explain something to me? I got six questions wrong on my drivers test. That's the maximum. I read the book, I'm a college graduate. This is a country where fifty percent of its high school students can't locate Europe on a map. How are they all passing that test? It's a mystery.
elaine: Those school zones are a killer.
elaine: (LOOKING AT FISH) I think they're laboring.
elaine: Why are they using so many colors? And the numbers go up to forty.
elaine: It felt like a couple of levels.
elaine: Look at that woman.
elaine: He's got it.
elaine: Jerry, look at my fish.
elaine: My fish are dying right in front of me! We have to get someone to drive us around the parking lot to help us look for the car.
elaine: Excuse me, we can't seem to find our car. I was wondering if it would be possible if you're not in a hurry, to drive us around the garage for five minutes so we can look.
elaine: Five minutes.
elaine: We're not wilding.
elaine: (CONT'D) Excuse me - I can't seem to find my car - do you think you could drive me...
elaine: (CONT'D) Oh that's funny? Is that funny? Well tell me if you think this is funny These fish are dying! They're gasping for oxygen right now! They'll be floating in an hour. Is that funny too?
elaine: Excuse me...
elaine: (CONT'D) Sorry to have disturbed you. Terribly sorry. But the fish will be dead. You do know that. They can't live in plastic. That's not me talking, that's science.
elaine: Jerry!
elaine: Maybe he went to one of the other levels. I'll go look for him.
elaine: No, no, I'll be back.
elaine: And now he's gone. I'm sure he's looking for the car. Five minutes, that's all. I just want to find him.
elaine: But why? Why can't you do it?
elaine: No, see that's not a reason you can't. You just don't want to.
elaine: But why? Why don't you want to?
elaine: But wouldn't you get any satisfaction out of helping someone out?
elaine: Jerry! (THEN SHE CHECKS HER FISH)
elaine: (O.C.) Jerry! JERRY Elaine?!
elaine: (O.C.) Jerry! Over here...
elaine: (CONT'D) Where have you been?
elaine: You what?
elaine: Look at my fish... (JERRY EXAMINES IT) Is he...
elaine: (DESPERATE) Please, we can't find our car. Please drive us around the parking lot to find our car. My fish are dying.
elaine: I can see not caring what happens to us, we're human. But what about the fish? The fish?
elaine: That's right, go. Go home to your dumbbells. Work on your pecs. I'm really impressed.
elaine: (CONT'D) That's right you heard me. You got a problem with that?
elaine: I thought he was with you.
elaine: Have we looked over there? Have we checked that side?
elaine: We didn't come in over there!
elaine: Hi, I'm Elaine.
elaine: It's very nice of you to do this. I've asked several people and they wouldn't even answer me.
elaine: (SHOUTING TO AMY) What about my fish?
elaine: I'll say.
elaine: What is it? (THEY DISCOVER WHAT HE'S STARING AT) The car!
elaine: We found it. I can't believe it!
elaine: Why do you keep watching?
elaine: And then you flush.
elaine: You know, sometimes people won't go in a place, if they don't see anyone else in there.
elaine: Do you have to do that? Jerry, don't do that, that is so annoying.
elaine: It's your house.
elaine: Casus belli.
elaine: It's Latin. I read it in some book. I don't know, I just wanted to say it out loud.
elaine: Have you gone in there?
elaine: Sure, fine.
elaine: Casus belli.
elaine: Since when do you wear cologne?
elaine: What IQ test?
elaine: It's just a Latin phrase George, it does not mean anything. Now, what is this test?
elaine: Oh, that sounds like fun.
elaine: You'll do well, you're smart.
elaine: Wha'd you get on your SAT's?
elaine: huh, Mine's 145.
elaine: You get out of here!
elaine: Huhuhuhuhuhuhu (laughing)
elaine: Huh.
elaine: What?
elaine: Are you serious?
elaine: Where would I take the test?
elaine: No, that'd be too noisy.
elaine: Hey, what do you think?
elaine: Yeah, that's what is, isn't it? A caper. Huh.
elaine: What the hey.
elaine: What's been going on out there? I've been standing here 20 minutes.
elaine: All right, what time do you want me back here.
elaine: Ok.
elaine: All right.
elaine: Oh, no no no. I'll just have a tea and toast. (sits down across the table from Jerry)
elaine: Um, ok, ah well I'll have the, th-ri-rigatoni.
elaine: I know.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Ok,
elaine: Yeah, ok... (takes the test and moves to another table.)
elaine: Statute.
elaine: Look, Kramer, I have to take this test ok, I don't have a lot of time.
elaine: An IQ test.
elaine: It's for George.
elaine: Yeah, can-look ... can I explain it to you later?
elaine: Would you please?!
elaine: Later!
elaine: Yes, yes! (Jerry shaking his head, like he can't believe what he's seeing)
elaine: Babu! Ba-If-if ya don't mind?
elaine: Set.
elaine: Oh my God! It's all over the test!
elaine: Oh man! Look at this... I'm out of time anyway.
elaine: Uhh.
elaine: It was an accident.
elaine: Babu Bhatt did it.
elaine: You're very special.
elaine: Just give it back to him.
elaine: 85?
elaine: He's coming up?
elaine: Yeah, but an 85, Jerry, that's ridiculous.
elaine: George, I cannot believe...
elaine: No there has got be a mistake.
elaine: Listen, there were too many distractions there. Babu...what ever he's name was and Kramer...I couldn't concentrate.
elaine: Jerry! It was! Let me take it again.
elaine: Oh, come on, come on. I?ll guarantee 140. What do you have to lose?
elaine: No, no, come on. I guarantee it.
elaine: Ok, now where I'm going to take it.
elaine: (stretching) Oh Man... Uunh.
elaine: What are you doing?
elaine: What's going on?
elaine: Wha'd you come in here for?
elaine: Well Kramer, I have to return this test. I've got to get out of here.
elaine: I had to take it again.
elaine: What's the difference?!!
elaine: What?
elaine: Well eh, kind of....
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Oh, this...emm...yeah...here you go.
elaine: Actually, you know I think I did. The first time I couldn't really cons...[Monica closes the window]...entrate.
elaine: Hey guys...
elaine: I just ran in to Monica. You know what my IQ is? 151.
elaine: Yeah..heheah (laughing a bit)
elaine: No, Chinese.
elaine: Hi boys.
elaine: What's happening?
elaine: What did she say?
elaine: So did you hear this message?
elaine: Really!
elaine: Huh! Sexy?
elaine: Like ...humm...How did she sound?
elaine: Really , like a... like a....(leans over to George and whispers) Jerry, I want to slide my tongue around you like a snake.....Ooooooooooha ,oooooohaaaa.....
elaine: Shhhhhh!!!
elaine: I stopped at the club to see him and I was standing in the back while he was on, right?, and there was this tape recorder there and I.....got this impulse. Ha Ha Ha Ha....What?
elaine: Now listen , promise me you won't tell him Okay.I want to have a little fun with this.
elaine: Oh! That was nothing. So listen, what about this bald thing?
elaine: So listen , what about this girl on the tape recorder?
elaine: I don't know.
elaine: Oh! really.
elaine: So what, Are you gonna ask her out.
elaine: Bummer...Okay , good luck finding her . I'm taking off.
elaine: Home.
elaine: Well , I just came from the gym , unless I can shower at your place.
elaine: (coming out of the shower in a bathrobe) May be she realized she could never have you and she jumped off the George Washington Bridge.
elaine: No.
elaine: ( to Kramer who just got in with his camcorder) Ooooh! You're taping.
elaine: Aah! Okaaay.
elaine: ( to the camera) Hi. How 're you doin'?
elaine: Oh. it's always simulated....except with George that's in my contract.
elaine: Thanks for driving me home. What did I do to deserve this?
elaine: Well ya. I guess so Why? You wanna do something?
elaine: Pffft....there's really nothing to do.
elaine: Do you think of anything?..
elaine: I am up for anything.
elaine: I was just kiddin, around.......
elaine: ( feeling awkward as well) Yeah! that was a...f...fun ..mmm?.
elaine: Okay...Thanks a lot for the ride.
elaine: It's Elaine Marie Benes.
elaine: Hello.. so did you ever find out who that woman was?
elaine: I guess you figure you're in for a pretty wild night?
elaine: Well listen I'm going to (?) do you want me to stop by?
elaine: Jerry...Jerry listen I got too much stuff this afternoon, I can't come over, forget it.
elaine: So humm....When you gonna call her?
elaine: Good luck.
elaine: Hi, It's Elaine is this a bad time?
elaine: (Concerned) What's the matter?
elaine: (to George returning) Hi George. Something stinks in here.( George motions to Jerry, she nods)
elaine: I was the one who talked into your tape recorder.
elaine: You told him!!!!
elaine: That was nothing.
elaine: What is it?
elaine: It was a joke...
elaine: Aah.... ( she stares at the three of them all lined up like the Daltons, all looking at her with lust.) I think I'll get going...
elaine: Won't the landlord know I'm not the daughter?
elaine: Are you coming with me?
elaine: He believes it possesses some extraordinary power over women.
elaine: Kramer!
elaine: How could you say something like that?!
elaine: No no, there's nothing wrong with her nose! I'm so sorry, Audrey.
elaine: What did you have to say that for?
elaine: Yeah? Well, you can kiss that jacket goodbye, Mr. Von Nozzin.
elaine: (barging in) Aw, now you talked her into getting a nose job?
elaine: You encouraged her to get one.
elaine: Peter Jennings had one?
elaine: Well, I think you should accept her for who she is.
elaine: I think it's a mistake.
elaine: How do you even know the jacket is there?
elaine: Are you sure you want us here for this?
elaine: It looks good.
elaine: How ya feeling?
elaine: Can I get you anything?
elaine: You sure? Anything?
elaine: No, it didn't. No, it didn't.
elaine: Seems to be.
elaine: Shut up, George.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: You know the only reason I'm doing this is because you took Audrey to the hospital.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: What do I need this for?
elaine: We're engaged?
elaine: Kramer, this is too big.
elaine: Oh, uh, hi. I'm Wanda Pepper, I'm Albert Pepper's daughter. My father asked me to come here and pick up his jacket for him.
elaine: I heard him contend that.
elaine: Oh, it was a frame-up.
elaine: Oh, well, we're all proud of the work I'm doing.
elaine: How kind of you.
elaine: Daddy certainly does have an extensive wardrobe.
elaine: My father, really? I had no idea.
elaine: I found it!
"elaine: Yeah, and I yelled out, Kramer! Kramer, you're killing him!"""
elaine: Yeah, pretty much.
elaine: Hi!
elaine: So, will I see you later tonight?
elaine: (after they leave) Isn't she beautiful? Her nose is in such perfect proportion with the rest of her face. She's breathtaking! Who would have though she's like--
elaine: Well don't stand here, let's walk in, blend in, blend in.
elaine: How did I ever let you talk me into this, I must have been out of my mind.
elaine: How old are you?
elaine: Whatever you want.
elaine: Yeah, me too.
elaine: Oh, excuse me. (gets up to talk with Jerry) What have you been doing, I've been smacking myself senseless. People think I'm a mental patient.
elaine: This guy's going off on the peanut. Now pay attention.
elaine: Maybe the dingo ate your baby.
elaine: The dingo ate your baby!
elaine: Well, right now I'm reading manuscripts for Pendant Publishing.
elaine: Excuse me.
elaine: Really? Huh. What a world. So we can go now?
elaine: Well, what are we gonna do for a ride?
elaine: You don't know?
elaine: Oh great, oh, this is great. How could you let him take the car?
elaine: (noticing Ava in a fur) Oh look at that. Look at what she's wearing. You see what she's wearing?
elaine: I can't believe she's walking around in that.
elaine: Hey, is that real fur?
elaine: You don't care that innocent defenseless animals are being tortured so that you can look good?
elaine: Yeah, I eat fish occasionally.
elaine: Fish don't feel any pain.
elaine: Well, they're not kept in little cages.
elaine: Yeah, yeah I've seen goldfish. They're not unhappy.
elaine: Oh yeah, that's right. Go ahead, go ahead, maybe you can run over a squirrel!
elaine: Call Kramer.
elaine: You sure you don't need any help?
elaine: Call him again.
elaine: Six hundred and twenty million people died.
elaine: Thousand. Six hundred and twenty thousand. The horror, the horror. (To Jerry) The wife keeps giving us dirty looks. Are you sure you gave him the right directions?
elaine: Have you noticed, people don't use straws as much as they used to for some reason.
elaine: Thanks a lot.
elaine: Then how did you find the place?
elaine: But it's cold out.
elaine: I brought you chicken soup. (To Patti) Is that real fur?
elaine: I'm in awe of his intellect, when he talks it sounds like he's reading from one of his novels.
elaine: Well, he's not a baseball player.
elaine: Yeah. Well, there is one little problem.
elaine: He's sixty-six years old.
elaine: Well, go, go.
elaine: Yeah, well, he's in perfect health. He works out, he's vibrant. You'd really like him.
elaine: What do you think, would you go out with a sixty-six year old woman?
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh, you mean like this? So it looks like I'm saying something but I'm not really saying anything at all?
elaine: Okay, that's it. I think that's enough, see you later.
elaine: What do you think, you think I'm making a big mistake?
elaine: I love being with him. I mean, I like being with him. It's okay being with him.
elaine: I just don't enjoy being with him.
elaine: I'm meeting him for lunch at Chadway's around the corner, do I have to break up with him face to face or can I just wait and do it over the phone?
elaine: Seven?
elaine: Seven dates is a face-to-face break up?
elaine: Hmm... How's the pasta over there?
elaine: Today?!
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: He was laughing?!
elaine: Get out!
elaine: So was Mia Farrow there?
elaine: What's your line?
"elaine: Do it like this. ""These pretzels are making me thirsty."""
elaine: I'm gonna go break up with Owen.
elaine: Call an ambulance.
elaine: We were walking down the block right by your house and I was just about to break up with him then all of a sudden he started to twitch.
elaine: Tell then to hurry! Hurry!
elaine: I don't know, I don't know, what should we do? We called an ambulance, does anyone know first aid?
elaine: What extremities?
elaine: Okay, what about a cold compress? They always do that.
elaine: Well use a paper towel.
elaine: No no no no no, that'll, it'll drip all over him.
elaine: No no no no, Kramer, I just had lunch with him, he didn't leave the table.
elaine: He is not a drug addict!
elaine: A cookie!
elaine: How's he gonna chew it?
elaine: Careful, you're getting crumbs all over him.
elaine: You know what, let's put a few cookies in a blender and he could drink it.
elaine: Yes they do, you can liquefy a cookie.
elaine: Where is the ambulance?!
elaine: I can't believe what's going on out here.
elaine: He seems to be breathing.
elaine: I know.
elaine: Almost.
elaine: It's not an easy thing to bring up.
elaine: Aw, you should see his bathrobe, man, it's all silk.
elaine: He does, how'd you know that?
elaine: What happened, what took you so long?!
elaine: This guy I'm seeing.
elaine: Five seconds. Jerry, I was five seconds away from breaking up with him. Five seconds. The next words out of my mouth were, 'Owen, it's over.'
elaine: Yeah, well, he nods. And I think he understands me, he seems to enjoy it when I read to him.
elaine: So listen, what should I do? I mean if I break up with him now it'll look like I'm abandoning him because of his condition, I'll be ostracized from the community.
elaine: Of course there's a community.
elaine: Ahh, it's good, isn't it? Yankee Bean. Why Yankee Bean, huh? Don't they have beans in the south? I mean if you order Yankee Bean in the south, are they offended? Huh? (singing) Yankee Bean, Yankee Bean, I like my Yankee Bean. (she puts the bowl down and wipes Owen's mouth with a napkin) Owen, I think we have to talk. I mean, uh, *I* have to talk. It would be nice if *we* could, but, uh, whatever. Um, don't get me wrong, I like coming here, and uh, feeding you and cleaning a little, and paying your bills, that's good stuff. Good stuff! I have a wonderful time when I'm with you, wonderful! But at this point in my life, I'm not really sure that I'm ready to make a commitment to one person. I'm just not really sure that we have enough in common. For example, I like running in the park, bicycling, roller skating, tennis and skiing, and um, well, I'm gonna be brutally honest with you now, Owen, it's a bitch to get here. It's two subways. I have to transfer at Forty-second Street to take the double-R. Anyway, I mean, this doesn't mean we can't be friends. These pretzels are making me thirsty.
elaine: Can you die from an odor? I mean, like if you were locked in a vomitorium for two weeks, could you actually die from the odor?
elaine: No no no no, I was just down on the forty-second street subway today, it is disgusting. Guess who I bumped into. Owen.
elaine: Yeah, he's almost fully recovered. He told me he was just using me for sex.
elaine: Aww.
elaine: Jerry, George, what are you doing here?
elaine: *gasp* My god! My watch! You found my watch! (pushing Jerry)
elaine: Where did you find it?
elaine: And you stopped by just to give it to me?
elaine: I though I'd never find it.
elaine: No. Today's *your* lucky day.
elaine: You want to work here?
elaine: Yeah one of the readers left and there's a job opening. Dick, this is Jerry and this is George.
elaine: (softly to Dick) Dick.
elaine: My boss told me to find someone. I'm in charge of it. All you have to do is meet him. Come on. Come on, come on, here hold my drink.
elaine: And vodka.
elaine: Where's my drink?
elaine: No, no, no, this is just cranberry juice.
elaine: Dick? He can't drink. He's an alcoholic. I told you to hold it.
elaine: One drink like that and he could fall right off the wagon.
elaine: He's acting very strangely. I think he started drinking again.
elaine: No. I can't smell it.
elaine: You don't always smell someone from a drink.
elaine: What about one drink? Would you smell it from one drink?
elaine: I suspect that this guy I'm seeing might be drinking but I can't smell it.
elaine: Maybe we're too close to the bottle.
elaine: Hey what's that?
elaine: Christmas present? For who?
elaine: *gasp* (pushing George) Get out of here.
elaine: (opening the present) Oh George, this is beautiful. Is this cashmere?
elaine: Oh, I love cashmere.
elaine: My, George this must have cost a fortune.
elaine: Jerry, how could you let him spend so much money?
elaine: George, this is one of the nicest things anyone has ever given me.
elaine: What?
elaine: Uhh. This. It's like a red dot.
elaine: What don't you know?
elaine: Well do you see it or don't you?
elaine: Do you see it or don't you?
elaine: You're still here. You're a dynamo.
elaine: I'll see you tomorrow.
elaine: Dick was fired.
elaine: You knew he was an alcoholic. Why'd you put the drink down at all?
elaine: I'm not saying anything.
elaine: What could I be saying?
elaine: If I was saying something I would have said it.
elaine: I said it.
elaine: Nothing. It's exhausting being with you.
elaine: Hey, let me ask you something something. Did George buy that sweater knowing the red dot was on it because it was cheaper? (Jerry is unconfortable) Ooookay, you just gave me the answer.
elaine: Yes you did, yes you did. I saw your expression.
elaine: How much did he save?
elaine: Hey George, did you buy that sweater knowing that red dot was on it because you could get it at a discount?
elaine: You did didn't you.
elaine: Well Jerry told me that you did.
elaine: You had sex on your desk with the cleaning woman.
elaine: No. I once made out with someone but that was it.
elaine: Well that's not sex.
elaine: Kissing is not sex.
elaine: Hey, did Jerry leave that drink next to Dick's on purpose?
elaine: What are you doing here?
elaine: Hey Jerry when do you consider that sex has taken place?
elaine: So, George told me that you left the drink next to Dick's on purpose.
elaine: Oh my god that's Dick. It's Cape Fear.
elaine: Ow, ow move over.
elaine: I've got no room.
elaine: Couldn't he just take the D straight to Coney Island?
elaine: Ok, what time is your job interview George?
elaine: All right, I'm gonna go.
elaine: 930
elaine: Yeah, they flip a coin.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I can't. I'm the best man.
elaine: See'ya.
elaine: It's ironic.
elaine: This, that we've come all this way, we have made all this progress, but you know we've lost the little things, the niceties.
elaine: Oh...
elaine: A wedding.
elaine: Yeah
elaine: You're telling me.
elaine: Oh, very nice.
elaine: She.
elaine: There is no he.
elaine: Em, two women. It's, eh...lesbian wedding.
elaine: Aha, yep. I'm the...eh...bes tman.
elaine: No, no, no, you don't understand! I'm not a lesbian! I hate men, but I'm not a lesbian!
elaine: Too bad.
elaine: Get that out of my face.
elaine: George?
elaine: Here, pay. (Gives the check to Jerry)
elaine: I don't know how anyone does this. It must be *so* nerve racking... How do they warm up their fingers?
elaine: *No*, we would have heard it.
elaine: Oh, oh, *John*... Oh, hi John... Hi...
elaine: Oh, I was just at this recital and Jerry put a Pez dispenser on my leg and I started laughing.
elaine: We did. We're just hanging out.
elaine: Oh, uh, thank you. Are you still friends with Richie Appel?
elaine: Have you thought about an intervention?
elaine: You get all his friends in a room, They confront himm to try to get him into rehab. It's a very popular thing now.
elaine: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I *am*!
elaine: I'll tell her I was the one who laughed.
elaine: [To Jerry] Oh, remind me to talk to you about something later.
elaine: When I was outside I ran into John Mollika.
elaine: He's good.
elaine: Anyway ... So John told me that Richie is in town from Los Angeles and he's really messed up on drugs. So I told him that he should do an intervention.
elaine: Yeah, but he want's you to be a part of it.
elaine: 'Cause Richie really respects you and he would listen to you.
elaine: All right.
elaine: Yeah, I was really moved, *really* moved.
elaine: Well, I'm sure it wasn't *at* you.
elaine: Maybe some mental defective put something stupid on her leg.
elaine: I'm sure she would apologize if she could. Probably somebody is holding her back against every fibre in her being.
elaine: Yeah
elaine: What? How?
elaine: So? What happened?
elaine: Shut up!
elaine: Whar about Kramer?
elaine: (very uninterested) Uh, you have to work like that?
elaine: What's the order?
elaine: Albano is your last name.
elaine: Hide!
elaine: Look, I don't think this is appropriate right now.
elaine: You're getting warm.
elaine: Oh, hi Noel
elaine: (Chuckles)
elaine: (laughs)
elaine: No, no. It was an accident. It really wasn't my fault. It was Jerry.
elaine: Na.
elaine: Do you realize this is the last meal I am going to have for three days?
elaine: I dont know. How could I possibly have ulcers? Who could have given me ulcers?
elaine: Hey, have you ever fasted?
elaine: What guy?
elaine: Oh, that creepy guy?
elaine: Maybe Ill get a steak with french fried onion wings.
elaine: Hey, George, you know my friend goes to a psychic.
elaine: Uh uh, you should go some time.
elaine: I wonder what Ghandi ate before his fast.
elaine: Really?
elaine: Why would he come to George?
elaine: Take it away.
elaine: Should you be smoking?
elaine: Youre pregnant.
elaine: Its really bad for the fetus. Do you know that.
elaine: Now listen. I just dont know how a person, with everything we now know about pre-natal care can put a cigarette in her mouth.
elaine: Its disgusting.
elaine: Oh fine, I dont like to be around people who are just so irresponsible.
elaine: (jumps with fear to Jerry) Did you see that wall move?
elaine: Hi, I havent eaten in three days. I was wondering how much longer it would be until I get my X-ray.
elaine: How do we know that dog food is any good? Who tastes it?
elaine: Kramer
elaine: And there it was, mountains of duck. And not fatty duck either, but juicy tender breasts of duck.
elaine: Assassins! How dare they keep a person waiting like this!  Drakes Coffee Cake?  Give me that.
elaine: Its Elaine.
elaine: I know.
elaine: I hate the good ones.
elaine: That's a good question, I think he thinks he is.
elaine: You know, maybe you need somebody between good and mediocre.
elaine: Well, at least you're not bitter.
elaine: Aren't you too young to be bitter?
elaine: Don't worry, your bitterness is safe with me.
elaine: So what'd you do last night?
elaine: Went out with Cynthia.
elaine: Well, you know, the usual; The Federal Reserve, the rainforest. Cynthia thought we should nuke the rainforest, you know, get rid of it in one fell swoop so we can at least eliminate it as a subject of conversation. What about you?
elaine: I know, Cynthia too. She's really given up.
elaine: Uh, me neither and I am not about to start with George.
elaine: I didn't say 'too good', did I say 'too good'?
elaine: I didn't say it.
elaine: Who is he?
elaine: She's Cynthia!
elaine: What, you don't think she's beautiful?
elaine: You know what your problem is? Your standards are too high.
elaine: That's because my standards are too low. And by the way, you know, women kill for eyebrows like that. Do you know that? I mean women pluck their real eyebrows out of their head, one by one, until they're bald, Jerry. Bald above the eyes! And then they paint in these eyebrows to look like that.
elaine: He can really do that?
elaine: What, are you into this?
elaine: No, wait a minute, wait a minute. They're gonna be telling us how their dates went. Are we gonna share that information?
elaine: Well, wait a minute, we're gonna tell each other everything, I mean every secret?
elaine: What if it worked out?
elaine: He was in real estate, um, now, he's not working right now-
elaine: Well, um, he, he got fired.
elaine: Uh. Why? Oh, right. Um, well, he tried to poison his boss.
elaine: Such a long story, Cynthia, seriously, I mean he just had some problems at work.
elaine: No, no, no, he's a really really funny guy.
elaine: Pardon?
elaine: Um, well, he's got a lot of character in his face. Um, he's short. Um, he's stocky.
elaine: Powerful. He is so powerful, he can lift a hundred pounds right up over his head. And um, what else. What else. Oh, right. Um, well, he's kind of, just kind of losing his hair.
elaine: No! No, no, no, he's not bald. He's balding.
elaine: Yup.
elaine: No.
elaine: He once spent a weekend with a woman.
elaine: Yeah, he did.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: I know!
elaine: She said you're getting together Saturday night!
elaine: Yeah!
elaine: No.
elaine: What?
elaine: Half a bag? What am I, a hooker? Anyway, they look kind of cheap.
elaine: I think they went out to dinner.
elaine: Yeah, yeah, I got Cynthia on the other line.
elaine: Remember our pact. Full disclosure.
elaine: Oh my god.
elaine: So? How was it?
elaine: Wait, I got another call, that must be Jerry.
elaine: Yeah, ok. [clicks over] Hello?
elaine: What did he have to say?
elaine: Her too.
elaine: Anything else?
elaine: Nope.
elaine: Yup. You?
elaine: Alright. Well uh, guess everything is under control.
elaine: Alright. Goodnight.
elaine: Oh my god.
elaine: But he used a condom, right?
elaine: Oh no.
elaine: Was it blue?
elaine: Just a hunch.
elaine: No thanks.
elaine: Who are you to talk about her like that? She'll call him when she's good and ready. You don't even know her.
elaine: Her type? What type?
elaine: You told me? You pushed this whole thing on me, it was your idea!
elaine: She's not bitter!
elaine: Twisted? God, I did you a favor.
elaine: Are you calling me a liar?
elaine: Are you?
elaine: You get yours out, I was here first!
elaine: Get it out!
elaine: I knew those condoms were defective!
elaine: Because! Because she missed her period!
elaine: Wow. Wow. You see? You think you know somebody.
elaine: Hi!
elaine: What happened?
elaine: Very mature.
elaine: Oh, we ordered some appetizers. Start eating.
elaine: Well maybe you should call him.
elaine: Why not?
elaine: What's the difference?
elaine: Yech, look at this ashtray. I hate cigarettes.
elaine: I'm sorry honey.
elaine: No,
elaine: I know.
elaine: Sometimes I've given my number out to guys and it takes them a month to call.
elaine: You know maybe he's been busy. Maybe he's been out of town?
elaine: Why don't you just go ahead and call him?
elaine: Just ask him if he wants a to get together.
elaine: Dinner's good.
elaine: Jerry, He's A GUY!
elaine: Jerry, ... He's a GUY!
elaine: Who are they?
elaine: You know if you waited a few more months it won't be a baby anymore then you wouldn't have to see it.
elaine: yeah ha ha ha
elaine: It looks like you're trying too hard to make an impression on him. You're not being yourself.
elaine: Why?
elaine: What was it?
elaine: Wow! What a story.
elaine: So, what are you saying?
elaine: So the spit could have only come from the front and to the right.
elaine: Here in this little apartment?
elaine: He's giving me a ride You know there had to have been a second spitter. But who was it? Who had the motive?
elaine: It's Elaine.
elaine: HI
elaine: Sooo, how was your date?
elaine: So you know , ... he called me.
elaine: Do you mind?
elaine: He asked me out for Saturday night.
elaine: I told him I was busy.
elaine: So, we're going out Friday.
elaine: yeah.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Oh, uh, I didn't know.
elaine: Well, uh, I'll cancel it.
elaine: Huh. Well this is a little awkward, isn't it/
elaine: I've never seen you jealous before.
elaine: Wait a second wait a minute, You jealous of him or you jealous of me?
elaine: (quietly) No, no, no, I can cancel.
elaine: (quietly) I can cancel.
elaine: (quietly) I,...
elaine: no no , ..
elaine: So tell me more about this game SIX.
elaine: ooooh ahhh
elaine: Well, thanks for a nice evening. It was really fun.
elaine: [mind] Is he going to try to kiss me?
elaine: I love Cajun cooking.
elaine: Uh, my father's half drunk. ha ha ha ha
elaine: [mind] What's he waiting for? I thought he was a cool guy.
elaine: [mind] This is getting awkward.
elaine: Good night
elaine: [mind] Who does this guy think he is?
elaine: Uh, who else?  Mookie. Mookie was there. Do you know him?
elaine: Hum, he's such a great guy. You should meet him. You know he's the one who got that hit
elaine: Nuthin'. Then he took me home.
elaine: What?!
elaine: Milk?
elaine: Cookies?
elaine: I dunno.
elaine: All right. He kissed me. Okay?
elaine: Between a peck and a make out.
elaine: I don't understand. Before you were jealous of me. Now you're jealous of him?
elaine: Who was that?
elaine: What's going on?
elaine: Help him move? Move what?
elaine: So, what did you say?
elaine: And you feel you're not really ready for,
elaine: (chuckles)
elaine: Ha, I didn't mention it.
elaine: Well so what. I mean you played first base. I mean they always put the worst player on first base. That's were they put me and I stunk.
elaine: ha ha well I know something about getting to first base. And I know you'll never be there.
elaine: Well, uh, I'd watch the third base coach if I were you 'cause I don't think he's waving you in. You know I hate to say this but I think we're really hitting it off. Get it? Get it?
elaine: What are you doing?
elaine: You smoke?
elaine: I didn't know you SMOKED.
elaine: Uh,
elaine: Hey!
elaine: Yeah? So?
elaine: I'm not telling you.
elaine: No!
elaine: I know how much you make. I don't even know why I'm doing this, I don't even like basketball.
elaine: Just in those commercials.
elaine: What's that?
elaine: Huh?
elaine: Jerry and George called me from this limo and they said we're all going to the Knicks-Bulls game.
elaine: He did.
elaine: I don't know.
elaine: Yeah. He said, um, he said it's really important that we call them O'Brien and Murphy.
elaine: Dan! Oh, hi Dan, how are you?
elaine: Um, oh, this is um, Kramer.
elaine: What's going on?
elaine: Oh, can't, I'm going to the Knicks-Bulls game.
elaine: Oh, well, maybe we'll run into you.
elaine: I'm sure he was just joking around.
elaine: What is it?
elaine: Jerry's a nazi?!
elaine: Listen, you idiot! Just calm down! I know Jerry, he's not a nazi.
elaine: No, he's just neat.
elaine: What?
elaine: What about his comedy act?
elaine: What about George?
elaine: I'll bet they were even in on it.
elaine: Kramer, you're hurting me!
elaine: Get off of me!!
elaine: It could be very confusing.
elaine: Look, it's Dan! Hi Dan!
elaine: Hey!
elaine: You know it's bad enough you have a car phone, you have to use the speaker?
elaine: What's goin' on?
elaine: Did you get a thank you wave?
elaine: Jerry, are you free on Friday?
elaine: Ah, God, I bumped into Robin Sandusky today, she asked me to have dinner with her and her husband.
elaine: You gotta follow that car!
elaine: You can't let him get away with that!
elaine: What are you, yellow?
elaine: Jerry, if you don't follow him, you're yella.
elaine: What? What? I can't hear you. Jerry?
elaine: It's me!
elaine: Hey!
elaine: Sweater.
elaine: So? What happened?
elaine: With the car!
elaine: The hit and run!
elaine: Queens?! You followed him over the bridge?
elaine: So? Then what?
elaine: I am speechless. I am without speech.
elaine: What shoving?!
elaine: You know karate??
elaine: Well, this is so, amazing to me! Jerry what did do?
elaine: Did you tell Kramer?
elaine: Jerry saw this guy crash into a car, and he followed him.
elaine: Hey Kramer, Kramer!
elaine: What happened to you right here? (She pointing to her forehead)
elaine: Well, that is, that is strange.
elaine: Alright, oh Jerry, we're still on for Friday night, right?
elaine: But last night you said you were free! (Sounding very disappointed)
elaine: But I, I can't go alone!
elaine: George, come on! I'll pay for you.
elaine: Because I hate being at a table alone, with a married couple. Talking about their married friends, and their married furniture. They're always trying to make me feel like their life is so much better than mine. You know, I have a very exciting life. It's very exciting. (As she's closing the door to leave)
elaine: Yes, well, an ex-bullfighter now.
elaine: His name? Name, um, his name was uh, uh, Eduardo Carochio.
elaine: Um, actually, I met him in Switzerland, and he was fighting uh, is that the word they use? Fighting? Because they don't really fight the bull, they avoid fighting the bull.
elaine: I just love meeting new people. You know that's how you really do learn about life.
elaine: It's me.
elaine: Hi!
elaine: Well! If it isn't mister gesuntheit!
elaine: What does it mean anyway? 'God bless you'. It's a stupid 'stuperstition'.
elaine: Whatever.
elaine: Yeah, yeah, that's better than 'God bless you'. Anyway, she left a message on my machine, she wants you to call her.
elaine: Robin!
elaine: Well I assumed she called to apologize, that's why she called me.
elaine: Hey, grab Jerry's sweater for me, would you?
elaine: Chilly out.
elaine: Yeah, you can take a sweater if you want to.
elaine: Nah, hey, shut this off, shut it off.
elaine: What?
elaine: Hey, hey, wait a minute! Let me ask you something. Kramer, the last time you hit your head, was Mary Hart on TV?
elaine: That is it!
elaine: That is it! Mary Hart's voice, don't you see? There's something about Mary Hart's voice that's giving you seizures. Just like, just like, just like that woman in Albany!
elaine: What?
elaine: Married women don't 'get together'. They have affairs.
elaine: Are you actually considering this?
elaine: Yeah, it's like hitting a car and driving away without leaving a note.
elaine: Well I've got to get going. I'm meeting a guy with grey sweatpants.
elaine: Hi, Michael!
elaine: Robin? No, why?
elaine: No I haven't spoken to her all day-uh, yeah right, um, as a matter of fact, um, she was here, and she uh, left a note, but I wasn't here, but I have the note, uh, right here.
elaine: Well I, I don't know.
elaine: No, no, come on Michael!
elaine: You're soo good lookin'.
elaine: Very nice meeting you!
elaine: Come on up.
elaine: Well, well, well, Mr. Seinfeld! That must have been so frightening! When you confronted that guy, in Queens! Now, let's just see if I've got this scenario right.
elaine: No, no, no, no, no. Because I'm picturing 'French Connection', kind of thing. You know? Sort of a Popeye Doyle chase through the city!
elaine: Oh no, no, come on. Don't be so modest!
elaine: Oh, did you check you machine?
elaine: Michael called me today, and he asked me where Robin was.
elaine: And I said I hadn't seen her.
elaine: No, no George! You don't understand! She didn't tell me she was using me as an excuse! Okay?! But then I realized what was going on, and I said that she left a note. Um, but he didn't really buy that. And then, and then he did mention your name.
elaine: He said he was going to sew your ass to your face.
elaine: Well I don't know, he caught me off guard!
elaine: Well who told you to sleep with her George?!
elaine: Oh Gosh! None of this would never have happened if you wouldn't have said 'God bless you'!
elaine: Uh, Eduardo, uh, Carochio.
elaine: Well, it's the second row. It's just as good.
elaine: Would you shut up? These are great! You can't get any better than this.
elaine: I could've been at my boss' son's bris right now.
elaine: (shrugs) Yeah. (beat) What makes you think anyone would want to go to a circumcision?
elaine: Anyway, I called him back... I told him I had to go visit my father in the hospital in Maryland. (George laughs)
elaine: Hi!
elaine: Great, great.
elaine: (thinking he's joking) Yeah. I better!
elaine: You're not serious.
elaine: Well, did he say that?
elaine: Well maybe you should ask him!
elaine: No! I don't have to take it off, why should I take it off? This is ridiculous!!
elaine: George, we are at a baseball game! This is America!
elaine: Well, I don't care, I'm not taking it off.
elaine: No!
elaine: (sarcastically, to George) Stay!
elaine: ...and then the ball hits him in the head and he falls right over the railing!
elaine: Well, yeah, he's fine! We took him to the emergency room, and you know, the x-rays were all negative. (beat) It was quite a day!
elaine: I know! Can you imagine that?
elaine: Wha- a picture?
elaine: OUR PICTURE'S IN THERE??
elaine: (gasps) I cannot believe this!
elaine: Ohmygod! Lippman could see this! He thinks I was visiting my father! Oh my g-I make up one little white lie and they put my picture in the paper!
elaine: Hi, Mr. Lippman.
elaine: My, my father?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I went to visit him.
elaine: Well, you name it, uh, neuritis, uh, neuralgia...
"elaine: Um, yup. Yes, yes, it just... such a miracle, um. My visit must have buoyed (Elaine says ""boyed"") his spirits."
elaine: What--what did I say?
elaine: I did?
elaine: Oh! Where are you going?
elaine: Ah. ...Yeah.
elaine: There's nothing to read, it's just yesterday's news. You know, the Yankees won, the Mets lost, Ricky Henderson's unhappy...
elaine: Wha-- oh! (noticing her hand) Oh, god! (laughs) That is the THIRD time today I have done that! BLAAAH! (laughs again) Grabbing news- papers... I'm just tugging at 'em... (laughs)
elaine: Okay! Well, you know, have a nice trip, and uh... alrighty! (beat) I'll just hold down the, uh, fort!
elaine: (on intercom) It's Elaine.
elaine: (to Nina) Hello!
elaine: (sarcastic) Chatty gal. (beat) Lippman's coming back tomorrow, I'll be fired!
elaine: No, he wants to torture me.
elaine: (annoyed) Oh! Would you gimme the clicker? I hate it when you're the clicker! You go too fast! (Elain makes a grab for the clicker, instigating a tug-o-war between Elaine and Jerry over the clicker)
elaine: You're all over the dial! You don't know what you want! I've never seen you stay on anything for more than 5 seconds. Gimme that.
elaine: No, come on! I want it, Jerry!
elaine: Well at least let George do it!
elaine: It's Chapter 2, it's Neil Simon.
elaine: What letter?
elaine: You know, it's not really that terrible.
elaine: Um, oh, it's Townscend, which is NEAR Baltimore.
elaine: Well, uh, fan. My father--
elaine: Really?
elaine: So... impudent.
elaine: (pause) Ah. I've-I've got plans, though, Mr. Li--
elaine: (very reluctant) Okay.
elaine: That will be fun.
elaine: Ten bucks, how can you go wrong?
elaine: You should have lived in the twenties and thirties, you know men wore hats all the time then.
elaine: Well, you can wear a hat all the time now. Who's stopping you?
elaine: Are you sure you like these sunglasses?
elaine: Of course I hear that.
elaine: I wanted to check out my sunglasses.
elaine: Oh yeah, blame it on me because you can't drive, George.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: No, I really don't.
elaine: I'm sure you could.
elaine: I don't know.
elaine: Oh, you're never gonna find a space on Jerry's block, just put it in a garage.
elaine: Oh come on, George, please put it in a garage. I don't want to spend an hour looking for a space.
elaine: Why?
elaine: I'll pay for it.
elaine: (pointing backwards) Oh George, there's a space right there!
elaine: You didn't even have to take it out to dinner.
elaine: Will you just park it already?
elaine: George, wait, you don't know who this guy is, people kill for a parking space in this city.
elaine: George?
elaine: Come on, we'll put it in a garage.
elaine: What are you gonna do, you just gonna leave it here like this? Uh. I'm going upstairs.
elaine: Yeah, I gotta tell Jerry we're here. I gotta go to the bathroom.
elaine: Me? No no no, you. You're gonna tell him. I'm not gonna tell- Noo.
elaine: What am I gonna say?
elaine: Oh god, I need a drink, do you got any Hennigan's here?
elaine: Oh god. Oh, Jerry it was so terrible what we just went through on the way home. (pouring a big shot of scotch) You wouldn't believe it. (pushing a bag of chips off the counter)
elaine: (after pouring the shot in the sink while Jerry was distracted and pretending to have downed it) Okay. Now listen. We were at the toll booth at the Henry Hudson Parkway, okay?! And there were these, like, this pack of extremely wild teenagers in a convertible behind us, okay?! And for some reason, I don't know, they just started to taunt us! And so then we payed the toll, and then we went through, and then they started to follow us, alright?! So George tries to lose them, and, and, but they were in this really like a souped up car, you know?! And so he turned off the road really suddenly and the car was on two wheels and I was just screaming! And then, George is such a great driver.
elaine: Oh, he is fantastic! And then they fired a gun right up in the air.
elaine: I think it was a gun. And then they followed us all the way into the city, and then they just stopped and they turned around and they went home.
elaine: Yeah, yeah, I'm alright. Oh, by the way, the car hit a pothole and now it's making a clanking noise.
elaine: Exactly.
elaine: Oh, he's out in front of the building. He's arguing with some guy about a parking space.
elaine: Look out the window, you'll see.
elaine: (desperate to distract Jerry) Ow!! (Jerry looks over) It's my cuticle.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: You know that guy downstairs?
elaine: Are you going down?
elaine: Is anything wrong?
elaine: (heading for the bathroom) Be down in a minute.
elaine: Yeah, it's all taken care of.
elaine: I did a number on him, it was a thing of beauty, you really had to have been there to appreciate it.
elaine: I told him a pack of teenagers in a convertible were terrorizing us and they followed us into the city.
elaine: Yeah, by the time I got to the end of the story, he was to relieved that we were alive he couldn't care less about the car.
elaine: What can I say, you know? It's a gift. I only wish I could teach it but, you know it's inborn.
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh, so that's why you were acting so funny.
elaine: We just didn't think of you.
elaine: Kramer? I'm so sorry, really.
elaine: You see, they had to move the cars so the truck could get through, right? But these guys don't trust each other so they got these two nonpartisan drivers to move them.
elaine: Yeah. I know, I said to myself, 'Why us?' You remember?
elaine: Right.
elaine: Oh, like you've ever been bobulated.
elaine: Why don't you just flip a coin already?
elaine: You know, maybe if you hadn't been sitting there pontificating about what a great parker you were, you might have got the space.
elaine: What?
elaine: He thinks you're a phony?
elaine: Oh, you have to say something.
elaine: You gotta open the vault.
elaine: Open your vault.
elaine: You have no choice.
elaine: It depends on who's going. (to George) Are you going?
elaine: Well I don't want to go if Jerry's not going.
elaine: I will.
elaine: I don't know. I'll hide 'em. So, is Kramer upset?
elaine: Well, maybe you should just give him the keys back.
elaine: Oh, I'm not, uh...
elaine: Jerry, give him the keys back.
elaine: Just 'cause you have his keys? Why does he need yours?
elaine: That's ridiculous.
elaine: I'll give you back your spare keys - but now I want mine back.
elaine: 'Cause. I'll give 'em to Jerry.
elaine: 'Cause he gave me his.
elaine: So, if he has my keys, I should have his.
elaine: I just said the same thing to you.
elaine: What?
elaine: Yeah, O.K. I'll go get 'em. (George begins to leaf through papers on Elaine's counter.) What are you doing? Would you just put that down? (Takes the papers away from George.) I gotta get some new friends.
elaine: What's going on?
elaine: Yeah, yeah, I saw it. (mutters under her breath) I mean, it's complete bullshit.
elaine: What...?
elaine: Nothing. I didn't say anything.
elaine: Yeah, I saw it. I saw it! I did, I saw it. Yep.
elaine: I didn't say anything.
elaine: You weasels!
elaine: How dare you!
elaine: Who gave you permission to come into my house and just go through all my things? You thought it was funny?
elaine: You! Get out! Get out! Get out!
elaine: Here! Here's your damn keys, you keep 'em! I don't want 'em anymore!
elaine: No, you can't be trusted!
elaine: Good! I won't!
elaine: These aren't my keys!
elaine: I don't know!
elaine: I just thought I could write it.
elaine: I don't know. Those writers make a lot of money.
elaine: O.K., can I just watch the show? (mutters under her breath) God, what an asshole.
elaine: I didn't say anything.
elaine: What is it?
elaine: What?
elaine: Well, come on we're on vacation.
elaine: what is it?
elaine: (sighing) Again?
elaine: Well, so, he can live without his Valium for a couple of days.
elaine: Hiiii Kramer
elaine: Kramer, Hi, I thought you went to California.
elaine: Oh, shut up (pushes Kramer)
elaine: Really? You really missed me?
elaine: Ahhhhhh haa ha ha
elaine: Oh god, Who's suitcase is this?
elaine: Oh, god, it's probably from sleeping on that sofa.
elaine: You lie.
elaine: Hu hu, ha ha ha.
elaine: Oh, he's fine.
elaine: Yeah, you know (scratches cheek and sniffs)
elaine: What, Uh oh?
elaine: What?
elaine: What tell? What's a tell?
elaine: Um, uh, who's it going with, uh, Alice?
elaine: How high did I go?
elaine: No not quite.
elaine: Well he was my psychiatrist, you know. I mean, he knows all my patterns. He knows In relationships that I always try to find some reason to leave, and so, he says as my doctor, he can't allow me to do this, so he's not letting me leave.
elaine: He has this power over me, okay. I mean he has this way of manipulating every little word that I say. He's like a Svenjolly.
elaine: What did I say?
elaine: Svenjolly? I did not say Svenjolly.
elaine: I don't see how I could have said Svenjolly.
elaine: No, it's not going to work with this guy.
elaine: I don't think so.
elaine: I'm sorry but there's somebody else.
elaine: Well it's, nothing I planned on happening, you know. It just, kind of happened.
elaine: Well, there's not really much to tell, you know, he's just a guy, Really.
elaine: Right...
elaine: . . . Years. Many years (her voice cracks), um, (clears throat) we've been close friends and then recently something just you know *ehghh* happened.
elaine: Yeah, yeah. Sexu-ally.
elaine: I think your um ... (points at the phone)
elaine: Well, I was just um, telling you about this, other guy.
elaine: Yeah
elaine: Yeah. Yeah, (cough, cough) Mm-hm.
elaine: Oh, no no no no, don't concern yourself with me, because I'm - I'm good. I'm - I'm very good, I mean I'm really very, very good.
elaine: . . . no.
elaine: H-his name?
elaine: Um, well what's the difference?
elaine: No, no, I just - I just don't see how that's relevant.
elaine: Uh, his name, um, I don't - I don't even know, all right you want to know his name? I'll - I'll tell you his name. His name is . . . Kramer.
elaine: Oh, I'm - I'm really uncomfortable talking about this.
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh, oh no, no no no, I can't do that.
elaine: No, I can't.
elaine: Okay, okay. Yeah I'll have Kramer give you a call.
elaine: Okay, so he just wants to talk to you. I couldn't talk him out of it. So you just tell him that you're my boyfriend and that we're in love, okay. Can you do that?
elaine: Okay.
elaine: Yeah. Yeah, we've been intimate.
elaine: Kramer, how is that important? Honestly, do you really think he's gonna ask you that?
elaine: Alright, alright. We do it, uh... (thinks) five times a week, okay?
elaine: Oh, man. Alright, listen. Just tell me something, what are you gonna say?
elaine: No, no, but I would like to hear it.
elaine: (dialling) Alright, okay. You talk to him.
elaine: Hey, how's your hair?
elaine: (handing over the phone) You're not the type that should be playing with matches, seriously Kramer.
elaine: (mouths silently) Okay.
elaine: (animated, but quietly) No, no. Not friends.
elaine: (mouths silently) That's perfect!
elaine: What happened? What'd he say? (indicates pad) What's going on here?
elaine: (horrified) Get together!!
elaine: Well, why didn't you say no!!
elaine: (frustration) Ugh!
elaine: Now look, don't take too long.
elaine: I don't know. It's a building.
elaine: So what?
elaine: (frustrated) Just go.
elaine: Wow. You really have a terrible voice.
elaine: Uhh, I don't think so.
elaine: Oh, well maybe you've seen me. My face is on uhm, Mount
elaine: Oh yeah, right. I replaced uh, Teddy Roosevelt.
elaine: Umm. Trustbuster. Bust this.
elaine: I cannot believe I'm doing this. I never meet people like this. You're not a nut, are you?
elaine: What happened? What took you so long?
elaine: Wha...? What are you talking about? What'd he say?
elaine: I don't know.
elaine: What's that?
"elaine: ""I'm very imPRESSED""? ... Ah you mean pressed caus' its like a dry cleaner?"
elaine: Well what about the sleeping arrangements? In the Cabin!
elaine: uh huh (very quietly)
elaine: What about me?
elaine: Uh, that's, ...
elaine: A bubble?
elaine: Oh, sure.
elaine: Oh right here (giving out paper napkins to Mel and Jerry and herself)
elaine: Who has the remote? (wipes a tear from her eye)
elaine: The remote goes through the bubble?
elaine: Yeah, of course, yeah. (blows her nose)
elaine: Jerry! Of course he'd pay him a visit. You'd be happy to.
elaine: Hey, what's with George and Susan? Does he actually like her?
elaine: Oh, that's nice!
elaine: Well you know George. It's not good enough to get there. You gotta make good time.
elaine: Hmhmhm (laughing quietly)
elaine: Hmhmhm (laughing quietly)
elaine: Isn't that blue car him?
elaine: It's no big deal Jerry. We'll just meet him at the bubble boy's house.
elaine: Wa',you don't have the directions?
elaine: How could you not take the directions?
elaine: Poor little bubble boy. He's sitting there waiting for you in his bubble, or igloo thing, whatever.
elaine: Here just get off at this exit. We'll figure somethin' out.
elaine: Your whole weekend? What about the bubble boy?
elaine: Um, I'll just have a glass of water.
elaine: Why not? That's all I want.
elaine: YES! yes. You saw him on TV.
elaine: Jerry Seinfeld.
elaine: Right. Hey, wouldn't you like an autographed picture?
elaine: He's lying. They're in the trunk (takes car keys) Now you get to sign another one.
elaine: Yeah, yeah he is. (as she leaves)
elaine: (laughing) hehehe -- One picture left in the trunk.
elaine: Where's my water?
elaine: Waddya' write?
"elaine: Hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu ""Ther - There is nothing finer than being in your diner.""?"
elaine: THIS is what you came up with?
elaine: That is so lame. Jerry, people are going to be reading that for the next twenty years and laughing at you.
elaine: This chicken is really good.
elaine: What?
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Do you smell something?
elaine: Arghhh, look it's a fire! (cough)
elaine: The CABIN is on fire!
elaine: How could this have happened?
elaine: Yeah, I'll come by after work. Hey, I got a rubber pencil thing happenin' here.. (Sandra passes her doorway) Uh, I gotta go. I gotta go. (Hangs up) Sandra! Sandra? Hi, can you come here for a second?
elaine: Could you do me a favor? Um, when my friends call, could you not talk to them for too long?
elaine: No, no.
elaine: Oh, no, he didn't say anything.
elaine: (Calling out to Sandra) No, Sandra. I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I really am! Listen, listen, Jerry's under a lot of pressure right now. It's very hard being a stand-up comedian! Sometimes they don't laugh!
elaine: (Full of guilt) I know! I screwed up. It's all my fault. Would you call her?
elaine: (Handing the phone over to him) I was just trying to help you.
elaine: It's Elaine.
elaine: Hey, nice going, Jerome Seinfeld!
elaine: I just got a message from Sandra, she's coming back to work.
elaine: Why? What happened? Did you talk?
elaine: Really?
elaine: Really? You really think I should fire her?
elaine: Real good!
elaine: Do you know how much money you cost me today?! 429 dollars!
elaine: I got Sandra transferred to another office upstairs, okay?! So, she blabs to Lippman about my long distance calls to Europe!
elaine: Uh! I made a friend when I was in Europe, okay?! And we've been in touch, and Sandra told Lippman!
"elaine: (Confused) ""Anything else""? What do you mean ""anything else""?"
elaine: Yeah!
elaine: Why is that beautiful?
elaine: It's four hundred and twenty nine dollars!
elaine: No, no.
elaine: (Giving up too easy) Okay.
elaine: (Turns to George, he is now reading a book) Hey, what are you reading?
elaine: (To Jerry) John Cheever, you ever read any of his stuff?
elaine: (Folding up the check) Ok, I'll leave you two alone.
elaine: (In the door way) Maybe I'll go visit my mother. She just bought me some new panties (Jerry pauses right before sitting in his chair) and they're - all laid out for me. (Leaves, smiling to herself. Jerry and George both look at each other, frozen in their places)
elaine: (intercom) it?s me!
elaine: Hi!
elaine: You got the tickets right?
elaine: What? That?s why I came all the way over here.
elaine: Oh, I was gonna surprise Joey with them, you got an extra one right?
elaine: Its killing you isn?t it?
elaine: Listen, I got news for ya, its nice to be involved with somebody who?s interested in something other than nick at night. Now he?s got a grip on reality, he's happy, he's well adjusted.
elaine: I've got to go
elaine: I'm going to surprise Joey, I?ve never been to his apartment so I?m just going to 'pop in'
elaine: Joey? Joey?
elaine: Oh god, oh, its you! You scared me!
elaine: You left your door open.
elaine: (laughs) What?s all this?
elaine: Where did you get all these pictures?
elaine: Showering?
elaine: In the dark room? Uh no, no thank you. Not right now. I'm a day person!... Are you all right?
elaine: Well I don't know, you just don't seem yourself?
elaine: That?s a good question, good question, its very... exerstential! Who are you? Who am I? Yeah, well.
elaine: Oh, nothing, I just stopped by to chat, you know, shoot the breeze.
elaine: Oh, no, he couldn't get them. We're not going.
elaine: Oh, dammit, you know I just remembered I gotta go, I left something on, the gas, the lights, the water in the tub. Something is on somewhere so I?m just gonna get the uh..
elaine: Uh.. I?m Elaine!
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Do I think you're a clown? No, not if it?s bad to be a clown, if it?s bad to be a clown then you are definitely not a clown. But if its good to be a clown then, you know, I would have to rethink the whole thing.
elaine: Oh, like any man would ever look at me, come on, I?m gonna... get out of here.
elaine: Se, now that?s terrible, that is not a nice thing to do at all, I don?t know how this Paliachi thing turns out but you know I would assume that there is big big trouble for that clown
elaine: Cherry Binaca, it?s new.
elaine: It's like I didn't even know him. He's like a totally different person.
elaine: I guarantee they don't sell either one of those tickets.
elaine: Oh, yeah, when George made that bad toast!
elaine: Oh yeah, the curse toast.
elaine: Me too
elaine: How do you know his name?
elaine: I never told you his name.
elaine: Wait a second, who are we talking about here?
elaine: Right, Joe Divola
elaine: I've been out with him three times, I should know the mans name.
elaine: Is he stalking you? are you kidding me?
elaine: Oh, Jerry, why didn't you tell me his name! Oh my god, he accused me of seeing someone else, he said tell me his name, he said tell me his name!!
elaine: Oooohh, what about me!
elaine: I'm not his girlfriend. We dated for a while, but things didn't really work out.
elaine: You know, it is so sad, all your knowledge of high culture comes from bugs bunny cartoons.
elaine: I smell cherry.
elaine: Come on, he's on his own, come on!
elaine: Yeah
elaine: Aver Martone. I've heard of her, who's she playing?
elaine: Nedda?
elaine: Oh my god..
elaine: It's me.
elaine: I didn't get it.
elaine: Hello!
elaine: I'm sorry, I didn't know you had company. I just wanted to return your tape.
elaine: I'm sorry, I really am. I just kept forgetting.
elaine: No, no, I'm leaving.
elaine: Oh yeah? This woman was selling them at this crazy party I was at last night. You'll appreciate this. Snapple?
elaine: I was talking to this guy, you know, and I just happened to throw my purse on the sofa. And my diaphragm goes flying out. So I just froze, you know, ahh! Staring at my diaphragm. You know, it's just lying there. So then, this woman, the one who sold me this hair thing, she grabbed it before the guy noticed, so. I mean, big deal, right? So I carry around my diaphragm, who doesn't? Yeah, like it's a big, big secret that women carry around their diaphragms. You never know when you're gonna need it, right? (Sips the Snapple) Ahh.
elaine: What? Was it something I said?
elaine: Well I didn't know.
elaine: Well you think I should say something? Should I say something? Should I apologize? Was I being anti-virgin?
elaine: 'Cause I'm not anti-virgin. I'll be right back. (She leaves)
elaine: Look, Marla. This whole sex thing is totally overrated. Now, here's the one thing you've gotta be ready for is how the man changes into a completely different person five seconds after it's over. I mean, something happens to their personality it's really quite astounding. It's like they committed a crime and they want to flee the scene before the police get there.
elaine: Yeah, pretty much, yeah. Well, the smart ones start working on their getaway stories during dinner. How, you know, they gotta get up early tomorrow. What is about being up early? They all turn into farmers suddenly.
elaine: Eh.
elaine: There was a bit of an accident.
elaine: Marla and I went out for coffee and afterwards I was crossing the street and he was biking right towards me. So I got out of the way just in time, but then he ran into a parked car. He hit his head and everything went flying.
elaine: You should slow down, you know that? It's dangerous to go that fast.
elaine: (To Ping) I did not jaywalk.
elaine: Nothin'. I was just givin' her the straight dope.
elaine: Listen, there was a lot more I could've told her, believe me.
elaine: You might've if I'd stayed. So you know what? I got served with papers today. Ping is suing me. I need your virgin as a witness. You better be nice to her.
elaine: Look at George. (On the other side of the restaurant) He lucked out, huh?
elaine: Yeah, since she met him she's been vomited on, her family cabin's been burned down, she learned her father's a homosexual, and she got fired from a high paying network job. Yeah, they had a real good thing going.
elaine: Mm-hm.
elaine: (Smiling, chewing) Who, me?
elaine: (Matter-of-factly) They have to, it's in the Geneva Convention.
elaine: (Making a face of surprise) You mean..?!
elaine: (Wide-eyed) So, she fell?
elaine: No, I guess you couldn't have..
elaine: (Finishing it off) ..done that.
elaine: (Between chuckles) How is she?
elaine: (Still laughing) Ok, I'm sorry.
elaine: (Stifling her laughter) I know. I'm sorry. I'm serious.
elaine: What, you mean, in your mother's house, or all together?
elaine: Oh, gimme a break..
elaine: (Smiling) I want to be in on this, too.
elaine: Why?
elaine: What? Why? (More 'no, no, no's from Jerry and George. Persistent) Why?
elaine: So what?
elaine: (Sarcastic) Oh.
elaine: Oh, that is such bologna. I shave my legs.
elaine: Yeah!
elaine: No, I'll - I'll put up one-fifty.
elaine: It's me.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Well, (Smiling) where's my money? Who caved?
elaine: What're you looking at?
elaine: (Smiling, chuckling) This is gonna be the easiest money I've ever made in my life. (Moving on to a new topic) So, my fried, Joyce, is teaching an aerobics class. I'm gonna go tonight.
elaine: (Realizes Jerry and George aren't paying attention) So then, I got a call this morning. You know, I was, uh, chosen to go on the space shuttle. We're goin' to Mars.
elaine: What?!
elaine: Well, that was fast!
elaine: ..And then there were three.
elaine: Oh, it's been a while.
elaine: (Fake excitement) Yeah. yeah, I'm really.. psyched.
elaine: Why is that?
elaine: (Between breaths) Oh, my God. (Joyce nods) John F. Kennedy Junior's here!
elaine: (Still unable to speak right) In my class? John Kennedy's gonna be in my class?!
elaine: Yeah. Butt. Butt. Great butt. John-John's butt.
elaine: John F. Kennedy Jun-ya!
elaine: (Smiling) He was in my aerobics class.
"elaine: No, you don't understand - he was working out right in front of me. So, listen, after the class was over, I timed my walk to the door so we'd get there at the exact same moment, and he says to me, (Thinking the world of what he said) ""Quite a workout."""
"elaine: (Smiling, proud) I said, ""yeah."""
"elaine: So then, listen, listen. So then, I showered and I dressed, and I saw him again, on the way out. (Giddy and nearly out of breath) So we're walkin' and talkin', and he asked me my name - and I think I said Elaine - but, I mean, who the hell knows.. And so then, he says to me ""Do you wanna split a cab uptown?"" And I said, ""Sure"" - even though I was going downtown. So, we get in the cab, and I mean, I have no idea where I'm goin', right? But this is John F. Kennedy Junior we're talkin' about! (Deep breath) So, then, he says to me, ""Where do you live?"" And I - and I - and I was close to your block, so I said your building. So he dropped me off in front, (Laughs) and I had to take a cab all the way back downtown to my house.. (Picks up a glass of cold water and presses it up to her forehead to cool her off) Oh, God.."
elaine: (Sets the glass down) I'm queen of the castle. (Pops a piece of food into her mouth)
elaine: Hi.
elaine: No, I just, uh, fixed it.. a little bit. (Still looking around, she quickly checks her breath)
elaine: (Regarding herself) What? What? Who? Me-me-me? I made an impression? What impression?
elaine: No! No! Now! Tell me now! What did he say?!
elaine: (Ecstatic) He asked about me? John Kennedy asked about me?! (Hangs off the side of the counter, both feet in the air) What did he say?
elaine: (Quick) What situation? I have a situation?
elaine: That was good. That was very good.
elaine: (Frank) Okay, you tryin' to hurt me? Are you tryin' to hurt - you're tryin' to injure me, right? You're trying to hurt me.
elaine: (Through intercom) It's Elaine.
elaine: Hello.. (Pulls a wad of bills out of her purse, and starts to count it up)
elaine: It was..uh.. John-John.
elaine: Yeah, but yesterday, he told Joyce, the aerobics teacher, that he wants to meet me outside here at nine o' clock tonight.
elaine: Because he think I live here. Remember when we shared a cab, and he dropped me off out in front? He's picking me up.
elaine: (Slowly) Elaine Benes Kennedy Junior..
elaine: Marla? Hi, oh, I'm glad I ran into you-
elaine: What happened?
elaine: Ohh. Boy, she's a whack-o.
elaine: What?
elaine: (Let down) He didn't show.
elaine: What? He's - He's out there? Oh, my God. I-I gotta go, I gotta go..
elaine: What?
elaine: (Angered) He left with Marla, the virgin?
elaine: They drove away?
elaine: (Makes a sound of surprise) Is that..?
elaine: He's waving..
elaine: Bah bah baaah, Boo doo bah bah bah, boo doo waaaah, waah, waaaah...
elaine: Hey guess what? This window doesn't work.
elaine: Gimme ten bucks and find out...
elaine: Yeah, worked out good.
elaine: What?
elaine: Get out of here! Why?
elaine: Yeah...
elaine: So what happened?
elaine: Hey, how we doin' on time?
elaine: Hey! Wait up!
elaine: Yeah, you want five?
elaine: You're giving him *ten* dollars?
elaine: That's a pretty big tip...
elaine: They don't get that much.
elaine: We can't ask him...
elaine: Jerry, we don't have time for this...
elaine: What!?
elaine: *Five* dollars a bag? I don't think so.
elaine: You got some nerve trying to take advantage of us...
elaine: You're lucky I don't report you...
elaine: Wait up!
elaine: We're not going to sit together?
elaine: Well, what about George? He's supposed to pick us up at Kennedy.
elaine: There's no time.
elaine: Jerry!
elaine: Why should you get the first class?
elaine: No.
elaine: You flew here coach.
elaine: All right, fine. I don't care. If the plane crashes, everybody in first class is going to die, anyway.
elaine: Great... [To herself] Help me...
elaine: Oh, look at this... He's sleeping and I have to go to the bathroom. Maybe he'll wake up soon. What if my kidneys burst? Is it worth it not to wake this man up to damage a major organ? I hope this disgusting slob appreciates what I'm doing for him... [To passenger on the other side of her, but still to herself] Yeah, make a little more noise with your gum-- that's helpful.
elaine: [To herself, loudly] Wake up, you human slug! Wake up! *Wake* *up*!! I can't hold it anymore! [To the slug out loud] Excuse me, I've gotta go to the bathroom...
elaine: [To anyone who'll listen] What'd he say? What'd he say?
elaine: Hi. Can I get to my seat?
elaine: But you just passed it. I'm sitting right there next to that guy...
elaine: Well, nobody *told* me that!
elaine: Excuse me. I'm sorry to make you do this, but I got stuck in the aisle and the flight attendant wouldn't let me get through. There's no way to get around that cart...
elaine: I'll try and remember that. [Pause] Where's my meal?
elaine: Excuse me? Excuse me, but I didn't get a meal.
elaine: Yes, I'm sure! I would know if a tray of food had been served to me.
elaine: Kosher meal? I don't want a kosher meal. I don't even know what a kosher meal is.
elaine: Then why didn't you take it?
elaine: You're eating my food!
elaine: What? Oh, no... nothing for me thanks.
elaine: Elaine Benes?
elaine: No, but there was nobody sitting here...
elaine: Oh, no, please, don't send me back there. Please, I'll do anything. It's so nice up here. It's so comfortable up here. I don't want to go back there. Please don't send me back there... [She notices another attendant offering goods] Oh, you got *cookies*!
elaine: Ok, fine. I'll go back... You know, our goal should be a society *without* *classes*! [She goes through the curtain to, ick, *coach*] Do you realise that the people up here are getting *cookies*!
elaine: Yeah, *you* got *your* bags...
elaine: The worst flight I have been on in my entire life.
elaine: [OC] Not only didn't you love her, you didn't even like her.
elaine: You did.
elaine: Dana Folley.
elaine: Yeah, she's terrific. Why? You thinking of going?
elaine: Tia? Who's that?
elaine: She sent you a Christmas card?
elaine: ... date with Fred.
elaine: He's not THAT religious.
elaine: See, she was clever. You know she put her picture on a card. I should do that. I never do anything like that.
elaine: No, no, I was just thinking out loud I don't want my picture on a card.
elaine: Really? Can you really take a picture?
elaine: All right, ha ha
elaine: Why? What's wrong with it?
elaine: Anyway so Fred and I are going to do some volunteer work for that Church on Amsterdam.
elaine: It was no trouble. My assistant did the whole thing.
elaine: Well, you know. It's a picture?
elaine: Yeah, well. How hard is it to take a picture?
elaine: What?
elaine: Carefully?
elaine: What?
elaine: (gasps) Oh my God! That's my nipple.
elaine: That's my nipple. My nipple's exposed. I sent this card to hundreds of people! My parents. My boss. Uh, Nana and Papa.
elaine: Oh God I didn't notice. Oh, what am I going to do? You know your whole life you go through painstaking efforts to hide your nipple and then BOOM, suddenly hundreds of people get their own personal shot of it.
elaine: Have you seen the card?
elaine: This car.
elaine: Well did you notice anything unusual about it?
elaine: Well come here and take a look.
elaine: So, what's that?
elaine: Right!!
elaine: Aw, great!? Didn't you see that?
elaine: It's because you made me wear that stupid shirt.
elaine: No. I don't want him looking.
elaine: Oh my God. I sent one to the super in my building. My mailman. My ten year old little nephew. Sister Mary Catherine. Father Chelios. Oh my God Fred! I sent one to Fred.
elaine: (OC) It's me.
elaine: You cannot believe what I'm going through. That card is plastered all over the office. Everybody is calling me, Nip! ... Yeah. That's my new nickname at the office. Nip! These guys keep asking me out for drinks. Not only that, Fred, you know the guy I told you about? He hasn't called me in three days. ... [sees card] Oh please!
elaine: You want a Christmas card? You want a Christmas card? All right here. [rubs George's head on her breasts] Here's your Christmas card.
elaine: What, Ocean.
elaine: I told you, Fred - my friend's next door neighbor took it.
elaine: Well, I-I-I must a missed a button. I forgot to button it.
elaine: Oh, you've never missed a button?! (Phone rings, she puts it on speakerphone) Yeah?..
elaine: Oh, God - my nephew. (Picks up the phone and hits the button) Hi, Gail!.. Yu.. yu... Yes, Gail, I know how old he is.
"elaine: Yeah, take it! Take it!.. An' stop calling me ""Nip""! (Co-worker takes it and quickly leaves. Elaine goes back to the phone) It was an accident! Well.. well.. it's gotta be somewhere. Look under his mattress."
elaine: I did not bare myself deliberately, but I tell you, I wish now that I had! (Fred, shocked by her speech, flees. She calls after him, still standing at the hallway) Because it is not me that has been exposed, but you! For I have seen the nipple on your soul!
elaine: The pick?
elaine: Oh my!
elaine: I'm not sure but... I think I see your...
elaine: I've been *dying* to see ``CheckMate''.
elaine: ``Ponce de Leon'', are you kidding me? I hated that movie!
elaine: Oh, <come on>. That Fountain of Youth scene at the end, where they're all splashin' around, and then they go running over to the mirror to see if it really worked? I mean, come on! [laughing too hard to continue] That's stupid!
elaine: You can get a hot dog in the theater.
elaine: Kramer, Jerry is going to be here any second, and then this line is going to start moving, and we're going to end up in the front row.
elaine: No! I don't want to save seats. Don't put me through that! I once had the fleece just ripped out of my winter coat in a seat-saving incident!
elaine: No, George, this is the ticket-<holders> line.
elaine: Then how come we're not moving?
elaine: Can you believe him?
elaine: How long would *you* have stood in the ticket-holders line?
elaine: [gives up] Yeah, exactly...
elaine: I don't wanna go to a... miniplex multi-theater!
elaine: It's not a theater, it's like a room where they bring in POWs to show them propaganda films.
elaine: Sigh/Ugh.
elaine: Yeah. You know, men can sit through the most boring movie if there's even the slightest possibility that a woman will take her top off.
elaine: Oh, all right. Can you break a twenty?
elaine: Oh, well, then I'll pay you later.
elaine: Yeah, you *could*...
elaine: I mean, how is that easier? I mean, then you would owe me twelve fifty instead of me owing you seven fifty.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I tell you what, I'll get the popcorn and the soda.
elaine: I will buy your popcorn and soda. We'll call it even.
elaine: [exasperated] George, you're sappin' my strength.
elaine: [in a panic] Me!? But that's three seats! I can't save three seats! I told you about that guy who tore up my winter coat!
elaine: No, these are saved.
elaine: What, is that a rule?
elaine: [stopping someone from sitting in the seat next to her] No, *TAKEN*, Taken, taken. [to George] [shrugs] I'm getting the hang of it.
elaine: Can we do this later, George?
elaine: No, I'm sorry, these are taken. ... They're in the lobby buying popcorn. ... What are you doing? These are taken, these are taken!
elaine: These two and this one. ... No! Don't come over here! These are taken. Go! Go! These are taken! They're taken! THEY'RE TAKEN!!!
elaine: Oh, take 'em.
elaine: [annoyed] Excuse me, excuse me.
elaine: [momentarily shocked, as if the answer were self-evident] You're talking.
elaine: Uh, could I have a medium Diet Coke?
elaine: What's the difference?
elaine: [momentarily perplexed] What happened to the small?
elaine: What's... medium?
elaine: Oh-kay. Gimme the large.
elaine: Right. Yeah. [fearing the answer] Could I have a small popcorn?
elaine: What's `medium'?
elaine: Do adults ever order the child-size?
elaine: [laughs appreciably] Okay, gimme the `adult'.
elaine: Is it *real* butter?
elaine: [exasperated] What is it made of?
elaine: I just went to get popcorn... Ugh... [shakes more popcorn] I just went to get popcorn, okay? And and and somebody took my seat, and my coat is in there!
elaine: No no, I can't sit in the front row.
elaine: I can't stand around here for *two hours*!
elaine: [heavy sarcasm] Oh. Thanks.
elaine: Oh, hey, listen, by the way, have you seen a tall... lanky... doofus, with a, with a bird-face and hair like the Bride of Frankenstein?
elaine: Oh, gimme a break!
elaine: Jerry!
elaine: George! [waves hi]
elaine: I don't know. Does this movie stink or what!
elaine: That's my coat! Gimme that. Where did you get that?
elaine: *YOU* took my seat!?
elaine: What is that stain [on my coat]?
elaine: Look, I was nice enough to pick it up for you
elaine: It's mostly bills, magazines and junk mail anyway.
elaine: Hi!
elaine: What, the one who just left?
elaine: Yeah, well, I guess it's all over.
elaine: No they don't.
elaine: Nooo.
elaine: Yeah, yeah.
elaine: I picked up his mail while he was on the road
elaine: Why?
elaine: Why? We're all very nice, we're very friendly.
elaine: Alright, well if you change your mind, we'll wind up as Isabella's probably around seven.
elaine: Why?
elaine: No, I talked him into it.
elaine: The turbo quadramatic transmission offers you the power and prestige to propel you well into the 21st century.
elaine: Ok, well why don't we just put these two tables together?
elaine: Jerry? Jerry, tell them that funny story you were telling me--
elaine: No George, it's so funny. We saw this cab driver's picture, right?
elaine: Oh, Cheryl, can I ask you a legal question? Um, I'm being sued.
elaine: Well, I ran out to apologize to a virgin and I crossed against the light and I knocked over the delivery boy.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: No!
elaine: What? You're Cheryl Fong?
elaine: Oh my god, I can't believe it! That is such a coincidence!
elaine: Wow, well, I guess you don't have any advice for me on how to win the case?
elaine: Tell Ping I said hello.
elaine: He thinks that if you're too funny, he might not look so funny.
elaine: He thinks that if a woman sees a guy put on a better show, she'll walk out on his show, go see the other show.
elaine: This is so ridiculous. Can we just go over there?
elaine: No, it's not. You cannot not be funny.
elaine: A little.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: What? What did I do?
elaine: Well, nobody likes to get old, right?
elaine: Here, take it. I was glad to get rid of it.
elaine: Oh listen, guess what? Cheryl convinced Ping to drop the case against me.
elaine: Yeah, no kidding. That lawyer was gonna charge me a fortune.
elaine: You punched who in the mouth?
elaine: (to Kramer) Yeah, so?
elaine: So what'd you do?
elaine: They took Babu away?!
elaine: What?
elaine: What is it?
elaine: Well, you should have come to my house to pick it up.
elaine: No, actually, you're not being funny now.
elaine: (entering as Jerry heads to the register) Hey, we're gonna go see Babu now, right?
elaine: Oh, I'm just gonna go say hi to Cheryl. (walking over to the booth) Hi.
elaine: Listen, gosh, I wanted to thank you so much for convincing Ping to drop the case.
elaine: Nice to meet you.
elaine: We try.
elaine: We do what we can.
elaine: Yeah, but Babu, he could have come to my house to pick it up.
elaine: So, what's up with Babu? How come he's not back?
elaine: (offering a drink) Snapple?
elaine: Yeah, well I wouldn't have had to get your mail if he hadn't gone to that fantasy camp.
elaine: So, what did he do?
elaine: Oh! Ping! Hi! Listen, thank you so much for dropping that lawsuit against me.
elaine: What?
elaine: Why?
elaine: Well, I thought there was going to be a character named Elaine Benes.
"elaine: You couldn't ""keep track"" of everybody?"
elaine: You have no idea?
elaine: Hi, Gail.
elaine: I thought you were finished.
elaine: Oh. Thank you.
elaine: Really.
elaine: Yes, it bothered me. So I bought a pair of shoes at Botticelli's, I'm not allowed to shop there? That really embarrassed me.
elaine: Yes! Couldn't you see that?
elaine: I guess she didn't think it was funny.
elaine: What did I think of it? (Manufactures a cough instead of answering. Kramer enters.)
elaine: Well, you know, I...
elaine: What? Who told you that?
elaine: I don't understand, why is this woman talking about my shoes? Why are my shoes a topic of conversation?
elaine: So what?! She is talking about my shoes! She is discussing my shoes! It is nobody's business where I buy my shoes! (Storms over to the couch and angrily sits down. Jerry, Kramer and George look at Elaine from the kitchen, comically puzzled by her outburst...)
elaine: Hey! Gail!
elaine: Why are you talking about my shoes?
elaine: My Botticelli shoes. You've been talking about my Botticelli shoes.
elaine: Did you or did you not tell Kramer that I got my shoes at Botticelli's? (A waiter comes over and puts a plate of food on Gail's cutting board.)
elaine: Who else have you mentioned my shoes to, huh? I wanna know why my footwear is your conversation!
elaine: Look, I don't like people talking about my shoes behind my back, okay? My shoes are my business. The two of you shouldn't have been looking at some fifteen year-old's cleavage anyway!
elaine: But she was fifteen.
elaine: What? What do you mean, Gail? (Kramer enters.)
elaine: What?
elaine: She wants my shoes? What kind of person is this? Alright! She is not getting 'em!
elaine: No, these were the last pair of these that they had!
elaine: No, but these were the only really cool ones like this! Don't you see how everybody likes 'em and how everybody talks about 'em? (Jerry, realizing Elaine's motivation, sits at the counter unbelievingly.)
elaine: Oh yeah, because she caught you jer -
elaine: Oh, come on, wait a second, this whole thing is ridiculous. How do I even know she wears the same size?
elaine: Seven-and-a-half.
elaine: Here's your ketchup back. You know, I had the hardest time trying to get some out. I mean, I just kept pounding and pounding on the bottom of it. Do you have any trouble?
elaine: Mmmm.
elaine: You know, I happen to have the script right here with me and, uh...on page 3, for example, suppose the Elaine character comes in wearing a...a low-cut dress. And the butler is very distracted, and can't work.
elaine: Well, I'm sure it's right up Russell's alley.
elaine: Alright, well, maybe I'll mention it to Russell tomorrow night.
elaine: Bouchard's, on 53rd. (George starts choking on his wine, and attempts to tell Elaine something.)
elaine: Over you?
elaine: I got him a two-line phone.
elaine: Never even seen you? Gotta kinda envy that...
elaine: [Proudly] Really?
elaine: Hey, who do you think is the most unattractive world leader?
elaine: All time.
elaine: I dunno. You ever get a good look at DeGaulle?
elaine: I got news for you. Golda Meir could make 'em all run up a tree.
elaine: Y'know, just because you two are homosexuals, so what? I mean you should just come out of the closet and be openly gay already.
elaine: Hear what?
elaine: Yeah, you know people ask me that about you, too.
elaine: And you get along well with women.
elaine: I gotta go return something...
elaine: Thank-you.
elaine: So she kept insisting I take off my coat. I refused, and then she forcibly tried to get me to remove it.
elaine: Yeah...
elaine: Hey boys!
elaine: Good. Okay, well, it's all set. I start tomorrow.
elaine: I signed up to do volunteer work with senior citizens.
elaine: Yeah. God, I can't tell you how I feel! I mean, I feel *so* *good*! I *really* feel good. The strange thing is, I mean, I haven't even met the woman yet.
elaine: Well, they say all it is is that you go over to their apartment and, I dunno, you take them for a walk and you get a cup of coffee and it's supposed to make them feel good.
elaine: Last time I had lunch with you here. You were going *on* and *on* and *on* about how you wanted to meet somebody who didn't speak English.
elaine: Yup.
elaine: [To Jerry] What about you?
elaine: Jerry, if anybody should be doing this, it's you.
elaine: Mrs. Oliver?
elaine: Ooh!
elaine: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
elaine: Did you say goiter? What goiter?
elaine: Oh, *that* goiter. Hey... Heh heh heh... Whaddya know...
elaine: Bother me? Oh, phhbt... Why would a little goiter like that bother me? No, not a bit. It's nothing. It's nothin', it's um, in fact, it's um, it's very distinctive, y'know? Um, I mean you want to know something? I, I wish I had one. [pause] Really.
"elaine: I don't know what I'm going to do. I can't look the woman in the face. I mean I keep thinkin' that that goiter's gonna start talkin' to me... You'd think they'd mention that before they send you over there ""Oh, by the way, this woman *almost* has a second head"". But no, no, I didn't get any goiter information."
elaine: Y'know you try to do some good. You want to be a good person but this is too much to ask.
elaine: Hey Georgie, what happened with your guy?
elaine: *How* do you get fired from a volunteer job?
elaine: I wish I could quit...
elaine: Oh, well, that sounds like a lot of fun...
elaine: Uh huh...
elaine: Well, that'll get you goin' right there...
elaine: Cows, well that's fascinating...
elaine: What?
elaine: Ghandhi?
elaine: You had an affair with Ghandhi? MRS. O He used to dip his bald head in oil and rub it all over my body. Here, look... [shows Elaine a picture of the two together]
elaine: Oh, my God... The Mohatma?
elaine: Good workout?
elaine: That's a pretty girl.
elaine: She's the one you went out with last night?
elaine: You know, uh...they're fake.
elaine: Nah! They're fake!
elaine: I can tell. You know how you're always bragging how you can spot a lesbian?
elaine: Oh, right. C'mon, don't you think they seem a bit too perfect?
elaine: I never knew you were so into breasts. I thought you were a leg man.
elaine: No.
elaine: I don't want to see her naked.
elaine: Well, that's your problem.
elaine: Jerry, what am I gonna do? I'm gonna go in there and spy on her in the sauna?
elaine: But a few more dates and you can find out for yourself!
elaine: What's his problem?
elaine: Wrong side?
elaine: He can't go left.
elaine: Nah, we just play defense.
elaine: Positive! This chick's playin' with confederate money.
elaine: What? Just 'cause of that?
elaine: Oh, come on! You've dated women with nosejobs, what's the difference?
elaine: You've put a lot of thought into this, haven't you?
elaine: You know, sometimes when I think you're the shallowest man I've ever met, you somehow manage to drain a little more out of the pool.
elaine: Uh...sorry, I couldn't help overhearing.
elaine: Did he give you a reason?
elaine: Really?
elaine: Hey, does he ever talk about Superman?
elaine: Oh, I know the type.
elaine: Oh, yeah.
"elaine: Oh, hi. I'm Elaine. (Gets up to shake Sidra's hand, but stumbles and falls ""right into them."")"
elaine: So anyway, I stood up to shake her hand, then suddenly I lost my balance and I fell right into her.
elaine: I touched 'em.
elaine: I...touched...'em.
elaine: I needed them to help me break my fall! If it hadn't been for them, I could have really injured myself!
elaine: Anyway...they're real.
elaine: I think they might be real.
elaine: I've touched mine!
elaine: Oh, right...I forgot. (smiles)
elaine: Alright, well anyway, I think they're real. And if they are, I must say they are...spectacular.
elaine: Hey, of the two of us, I'm the only one who's touched 'em.
elaine: I wouldn't have said anything if I knew you were going to stop seeing her!
elaine: Hey Kramer, by the way, I saw that guy at the health club...that is not Salman Rushdie.
elaine: Hi, Jer.
elaine: Oh...hi, Sidra -
elaine: I'm looking for Kramer.
elaine: (on the intercom) It's me, are you ready to go?
elaine: Hey Boys-O!
elaine: Hello.
elaine: Well wait a minute, there's a slight change of plans.
elaine: eh, Remember Roy, the artist?
"elaine: Yeah, exactly, the ""triangle"" guy."
elaine: Yeah I did. He was very talented. He was, ah just, I don't know a little too...
elaine: Fat.
elaine: He was a fat, starving artist, y'know. That's very rare.
elaine: Anyway, he's in the hospital, he's having surgery and I feel like should go visit him.
elaine: Unh, something with his spleen. Anyway it'll just take five minutes, O.K., and then, the hospital is right on the way.
elaine: Listen, Jerry can you do me a favor? (clears throat) Could you, go into the room with me to visit him because ah, I don't want him to think that I'm, y'know... interested.
elaine: Well...
elaine: Aha ha ha (laugh)
elaine: What's with him?
elaine: Roy!
elaine: (gasp) Oh, my *God*! I hardly recognize you! You look so...
elaine: A *lot* of weight. (enthusiastically)
elaine: Aha hu, You look *terrific*.
elaine: Ah hahaha hhuu ha (flirty laughing)
elaine: Ah, This is... uh... you *really* lost weight.
elaine: I can't believe it! You were *huge*! Like blubber! I couldn't even get my arms around you...
elaine: Ahahaha. Well that's the positive thing about getting sick, you get to lose weight.
elaine: Me?
elaine: *Get* *out*!
elaine: Jerry, did you hear this? He couldn't eat for weeks...
elaine: I had no idea I had that kind of effect on you.
elaine: Now listen Roy, tell me something. When, are you gettin' out of here?
elaine: Okay, I'll tell you what. How about on Friday I take you out for a *big* meal because *you* are getting *too* thin...
elaine: No that's the week after.
elaine: You're wrong.
elaine: Shut up...
elaine: Uh Roy, this is uh Kramer -- he's one of our friends.
elaine: It's me.
elaine: Prognosis... negative.
elaine: He's not doing well, the doctors don't know what it is. They're baffled.
elaine: Just my luck, y'know... just when he's getting thin and attractive. Y'know Jerry, you should buy some of his art. That would really lift his spirits.
elaine: Mmm... (Elaine goes to the bathroom)
elaine: And they're gonna look great in your apartment, George.
elaine: Uh-m, uh I'm so sorry Roy, but actually, we are going to the, Poconos on Friday, right honey? (pointing to Jerrythe boyfriend?)
elaine: We are... that means that we ah, we are...
elaine: (Catching another glimpse of Roy eating) Hunh, Please can we go to the Poconos?
elaine: No, not at all...
elaine: Oh, could you please hurry?
"elaine: What? What have I become? I haven't ""become"" anything..."
elaine: I don't want to keep him waiting...
elaine: That's impossible...
elaine: His place...
elaine: *And* he gets the rest of my chicken...
elaine: You never know...
elaine: Do I smell something? What am I, hard of smelling? Of *course* I smell something.
elaine: I think it's B.O.!
elaine: It's B.O. The *valet* must have had B.O.
elaine: Jerry. It's *B*.*O*.
elaine: So?
elaine: I can't believe you ski!
elaine: Yeah? What else?
"elaine: [delightedly] Oh! You ""pillage and plunder""?"
elaine: See? Finally, *finally* I get to meet a man who pillages and plunders! I'm so lucky.
elaine: Y'know I can think of at *least* six known offensive odours that I would *rather* smell than what's livin' in your car.
elaine: I don't mind skunk.
elaine: I *loooove* horse manure.
elaine: Absolutely.
elaine: Listen, lemme ask you something. When you're with a guy, and he tells you he has to get up early, what does that mean?
elaine: Wow...
elaine: Yeah, last night. Oh, come on... Men *have* to get up early some time...
elaine: Jerry! I'm *sure* I've seen men on the street early in the morning.
elaine: Is it possible I'm not as attractive as I think I am?
elaine: So?
elaine: If it attached itself to you, then... Oh, my God! That's why Carl said he had to get up early! Because I stink! Jerry, he thinks I have B.O.! Me!
"elaine: Oh, man, just *rampant*, **mutant** B.O. The ""O"" went from the valet's ""B"", to the car, to me. It clings to everything. Jerry thinks it's an entity. But I showered and I shampoo'ed, so..."
elaine: What?
elaine: No, no, no! It *can't* be! I shampoo'ed! I rinsed! I repeated!
elaine: Tomato Sauce?
elaine: I still smell!
elaine: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Kramer, Kramer... Hold on a second. I don't get this. This woman has *never* been with a man her *entire* life--
elaine: Sauce me.
elaine: We don't walk that fast...
elaine: Seriously, we don't.
elaine: (Yelling to Jerry in the bedroom) Hey Jerry, come on, let's go. We're gonna miss the previews!
elaine: Hey, how are we gettin' to Scott Drake's party on Saturday night?
elaine: Of course you do, it's an engagement party.
elaine: I *love* the Drake.
"elaine: ""Who's the Drake""?"
elaine: So listen, what are you gonna get him?
elaine: So what? That's easy.
elaine: Hi! Hey, have you gotten your present yet for the Drake?
elaine: I'm lukewarm about the Drakette.
elaine: Hey, you know what, maybe we should all chip in for the gift.
elaine: Hey, a pretty good idea, huh?
elaine: So what are we gonna get him?
elaine: No, no! We'll find a space. There's spaces in the other lot.
elaine: What if a handicapped person needs it?
elaine: So if you can drive, you're not handicapped?
elaine: What does that mean?
elaine: George!
elaine: What a sale, huh? And how about that store, delivering it tonight? We're gonna be swimming in 'thank you's...
elaine: Got to *love* the Drake!
elaine: Must have been an accident...
elaine: (to George) Are you happy now?
elaine: What about the party? What about the Drake?
elaine: Well, they have to give up some time, they can't stay out there all night?
elaine: Our big screen TV is probably arriving right now...
elaine: Me?
elaine: Oh, they won't?
elaine: I'm not going for this, Kramer should go! It was all his idea!
elaine: That's good...
elaine: Oh, yeah...
elaine: Sure!
elaine: Hmm.. he's so nice! I'm really happy for them.
elaine: You went to see her?
elaine: Hey, we told you not to park there!
elaine: My God this is fantastic! Tell me, were you guys just blown away or what?
elaine: Oh man, there is nothing like a really big TV, huh?
elaine: I'm *really* hungry!
elaine: Oh, cristal clear!
elaine: Are there any good Italian restaurants around here?
elaine: Get movin'...
elaine: Take it easy. Bye-Bye Alison!
elaine: Oh, the remote! Okay, I'm just gonna put it on top of the television...
elaine: Drake gave her the TV?
elaine: Well, she can't keep it, it's not fair, that's *our* TV!
elaine: Boy, I am really starting to dislike the Drake!
elaine: They don't know anybody in Chicago.
elaine: The Drakette took it.
elaine: Well, she has it!
elaine: Well, who's gonna call?
elaine: What? Why is it me who always has to do these things?
"elaine: What? Calling people I hardly know, and demanding they return expensive gifts, that's my ""thing""?"
"elaine: Alright, gimme the phone... it's my ""thing""..."
elaine: Alison! Hi, this is Elaine...
elaine: Oh, Okay... well thanks a lot... sorry again about you and the Drake...
elaine: Everybody does. Bye-bye....
elaine: She gave it to charity.
elaine: I do.
elaine: Oh, that's O.K. I don't have much time though. So...
elaine: That was two months ago.
elaine: Russell, you are the president of NBC. You can have any woman you want. (picks up the bowl of munchies on the table)
elaine: God I hate these mixtures. Why don't they just put pretzels on the table. Even peanuts would be good, but I don't know how eats these cheesy things (she does).
elaine: Um... Look Russell... You're a very sweet guy. But I got to be honest with you. I don't like television... and that's your world. That's your life. I mean maybe if you were in... I don't know... Greenpeace or something, that would be different, but network television... I mean, come on, Russell, you're part of the problem.
"elaine: Oh yeah, oh yeah. I've heard of him. He's that ""Did you ever notice this? Did you ever notice that?"" guy."
elaine: Really? What is it about?
elaine: (surprised) What do you mean it's about nothing?
elaine: Um, I got up. Um, I went to work. Then I came here.
elaine: Russell, see, I'm really not interested in this stuff and I do have to go to work (she gets up). So...
elaine: I'm sorry Russell. I'm sorry O.K.? Bye-bye. (Russell, still sitting watches her leaving).
elaine: So who's playing Elaine?
elaine: Really?
elaine: Who is it?
elaine: Oh, my God (not in the mood to be kidding)
elaine: Listen, was Russell at the casting?
elaine: You know, I'm a little bit worried about him. I don't understand. We had one date two months ago. Am I that charming and beautiful?
elaine: Why do I keep setting you up?
elaine: (to the waitress) Could we get a little more? (she doesn't listen and walks away) Aghh... You know ever since this new owner took over, the service here is *really* slow.
elaine: Mmm. They're putting a little lemon in the tuna. I love that.
elaine: Yeah? (we see that all the waitresses have big breasts)
elaine: Ah...
elaine: Yes, I would say.
elaine: Do you think it's a coincidence?
elaine: (to the waitress) Hi. Excuse me. Who does all the hiring waitresses here?
elaine: You know what? That's discriminatory. That is unfair. Why should these women have all the advantages? It's not enough they get all the attention from men, they have to get all the waitress jobs, too?
elaine: It's me.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: What's the matter with him?
elaine: Oh...
elaine: So I spoke to some of my sisters about that coffee shop.
elaine: So we decided I should go over there and apply for a job myself.
elaine: Because, it's discriminatory (she comes back wearing one of Jerry's shirts, untucked)
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Exactly.
elaine: Who was it?
elaine: What about the dogs?
elaine: No, I'd like to apply for a waitress job.
elaine: Oh yeah. I've been a professional waitress for the last 10 years. I've worked all over the city. These, uh, are my references. I'm sure you'll find that I'm more than qualified.
elaine: You're in big trouble mister. And I mean trouble with a capital 'T'. (she leaves)
elaine: Anyway there's at least four of them, and they're all huge. And one is bigger than the next. It's like a Russ Meyer movie.
elaine: Oh, he's this guy who made these terrible movies in the 70's with these kinds of women. He's obsessed. He's obsessed with breasts. That's hard to say.
elaine: Um... Well, there's not really much more to tell. He was looking for waitresses, and I went in to apply for the job. And, he looked me up and down and he rejected me.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Well it's all taken care of. I filed a report. An investigation is underway.
elaine: No. I don't think I should go. I really don't wanna bump into Russell. He called me the other day. He won't quit.
elaine: Jerry, this is not a crush. This is a complete fixation. he makes me very uncomfortable.
elaine: (to Kramer) Hey are you gonna go?
elaine: Oh, right.
elaine: See, now this is exciting! This is exciting! Did I miss anything already?
elaine: Nah, now it's on TV. It's different. I told everybody I know to watch it.
elaine: No.
elaine: Congratulations.
elaine: Hey, what's this? Look. A wallet.
elaine: Here.
elaine: Bravo!
elaine: You know Jerry I really like this guy who's playing the butler.
elaine: Really?
elaine: Wow! That was great! That show was so funny. It was really funny. I'm not just saying that cause I know you. Honestly.
elaine: That was so good.
elaine: You know what I think this thing is gonna get picked up George. You guys are gonna be rich!
elaine: Oh yeah.
elaine: What-- What are you looking at me for?
elaine: What did I do?
elaine: I didn't know that he'd fall for me and I'd drive him insane. I mean, you know, that's not my fault.
elaine: I can't believe this? What happened to him? Where the hell is he?
elaine: Nothing has changed. How did this happen? (she sees the two guys of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission at a table) Ah, these are the two guys I talked to at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Hey! What are you two guys doing here? I thought you were gonna do something about this. Now you're eating here?
elaine: (to Paul) You're checking it out?
elaine: (to the manager) Hey! Come here a second. I want you to know something. You are not gonna get away with this!
"elaine: Ah, ""with what?"" You know what. With the waitresses. How they're all... alike."
elaine: (embarrassed, but smiling) Oh, your daughters.
elaine: Hi Peggy.
elaine: Who's faking?
elaine: Faking what?
elaine: Ah! Orgasm?
elaine: How do you know?
elaine: Of course.
elaine: On occasion.
elaine: No.
elaine: Because I was gooood.
elaine: You didn't know.
elaine: You didn't know.
elaine: Well...
elaine: Ye.
elaine: Yeass.
elaine: Yeass.
elaine: I faked it.
elaine: Not bad huh?
elaine: (points in the air as is to point out each things Jerry asked) Fake, fake, fake, fake.
elaine: Uuuhm, all the time.
elaine: Jerry, listen, it wasn't you. I just didn't have 'em back then.
elaine: I'm sure they're not.
elaine: So we're having dinner tonight?
elaine: Why? What's wrong? You're not still thinking about this afternoon are you?
elaine: Nooo, the other thing.
elaine: Oh come on, Jerry. Making to much of a big deal about it.
elaine: Okay.
elaine: All right, see you later.
elaine: Bye.
elaine: Rene, can you come here a second? Let me ask you something Ummm, have you ever... you know... faked it?
elaine: Really, like when?
elaine: Oh god, Mmmm, Mmm, Mmm, Mmmmm, Mmm, Ah, Woo
elaine: Mmm, hey, you know what? You wanna go see that new Meryl Streep movie?
elaine: You don't like her?
elaine: I love her Jerry, she's so authentic. I really believe everything is actually happening to her. There's no acting there.
elaine: I really admire actors, you know. It's just such an incredible skill.
elaine: What's the matter?
elaine: You're not still thinking about that are you?
elaine: Oh good.
elaine: (shocked) What?
elaine: You mean...?
elaine: Oooh no, I don't think so.
elaine: Jerry, we're friends! We can't do that, it would ruin our friendship.
elaine: Jerry no, that's important to me.
elaine: Ya, Yes we will!
elaine: No Jerry, it is out of the question. You know what sex does to a friendship, it kills it.
elaine: No!
elaine: Noo!
elaine: What, no, it doesn't matter. Jerry, I don't care.
elaine: That is so ridiculous.
elaine: No.
elaine: No!
elaine: I still don't understand why we had to walk out on that movie.
elaine: Goodnight. Thanks for a really fabulous evening (sarcastic).
elaine: Yes I'm upset, can't you tell?
elaine: I'm really, really sorry I told you that.
elaine: Well stop being such a baby.
elaine: You're a baby!
elaine: Hi George.
elaine: Noo, thanks.
elaine: Just gonna return some of your things that were in my house.
elaine: I know.
elaine: I'm waiting.
elaine: Yeah I got your fins. You got my poker chips?
elaine: They're next to the fins. You got my cards?
elaine: All right and that just about... does it.
elaine: Okay, welp... see you around.
elaine: All right, let's go, I give you half an hour.
elaine: Come on!
elaine: Look, Jerry, we have to have sex to save the friendship.
elaine: You know I'm a little hungry. You wouldn't happen to have any of that mango left?
elaine: Okay, well, he had this idea of a pizza place where you make your own pie! (Laughs)
elaine: What's that?
elaine: Yep. Yeah..
elaine: (Interested) Oh?
elaine: Oh, a puffy shirt.
"elaine: Uh, o... (Remembers something they could talk about) Jerry's going to be on the ""Today"" show on Friday."
elaine: Yep.. yep. Um, he's promoting a (pauses) benefit for Goodwill, you know, they, uh, they clothe the (clears her throat) poor, and the homeless..
elaine: And the indigent, yeah.. I, I do volunteer work for them. I-I set the whole thing up, and I got Jerry to do it.
elaine: Ohh, yeah. Yeah.. yep.
elaine: Yep.
elaine: Mmm
elaine: Why don't you want to take a civil service test?
elaine: Hi, Kramer. Guess what - I just saw Bryant Gumbel, he said he might help out at the benefit!
elaine: (Between laughs) What is that?!
elaine: (To Jerry) Why're you wearing that now?
elaine: When did she, (Snickers) when did she ask you this?
elaine: I didn't hear anything.
elaine: (Just now making the matter serious) Well, you can't wear that on the show.
elaine: (Turning around to Kramer) Wha- What? No. (Back to Jerry) Jerry, you are promoting a benefit to CLOTHE homeless people. You can't come out dressed like that! You're all puffed up!.. You look like the Count of Monte Cristo!
elaine: (Arguing) Yeah, but you're supposed to be a compassionate person! That cares about poor people! You look like you're gonna.. swing in on a chandelier!
elaine: Hey, I've never noticed your hands before. Let me see.
elaine: (Obviously not impressed, dull) Yeah, real nice.
elaine: You ready?
elaine: (Sincere) I'm sorry.
elaine: (Reflecting) Well, it got me fired from the benefit committee.
elaine: Do you ever spit on anybody from here?
elaine: No. Do you ever think about it?
elaine: Me too.
elaine: What air conditioner?
elaine: I thought you hated air conditioning. You've never had an air conditioner.
elaine: Oooh, you're getting an air conditioner for Amy. (In a wining voice) Amy doesn't like the temperature up here. She's a little hoooot.
elaine: You don't have an old pair?
elaine: George, those are prescription goggles? What is there to see in a health club pool?
elaine: Yeah, especially those frames.
elaine: They look good. I liked the other one too. I've liked about five of them.
elaine: Now those look good, they're very bold.
elaine: Hi there, little doggy. (to owner) Do you mind if I pet your dog?
elaine: Hey little doggy. (Elaine pets the dog and he bites her) Aaah!
elaine: I'm okay, it's just a nip.
elaine: My leg looks pretty bad.
elaine: Okay.
elaine: (pulling on Jerry's pants from the ground) Jerry, can we go?
elaine: Jerry, my leg.
elaine: Okay, listen, Jerry, you just catch up with me okay? You can just follow the trail of blood.
elaine: Oh, come on. Cousin Jeffrey? It's not possible!
elaine: Jerry, that is so ridiculous. But, George didn't even have his glasses on!
elaine: So what? Squinting doesn't make that much of a difference.
elaine: Okay? That's it? I don't need a shot?
elaine: No, no, no. I know I wasn't shot. Do I need a shot?
elaine: There was a dog in front of the building and it spooked me. I couldn't come in until he left.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I'm afraid of dogs now.
elaine: Well he frightened me.
elaine: No. He said I didn't need a shot.
elaine: What, you think I should have?
elaine: All right, that's a good idea. I'm gonna do that.
elaine: You know, George, that's an onion.
elaine: He couldn't tell an apple from an union and he's your eye witness?
elaine: Uhm excuse me... uh... a man came in here...
elaine: Can I just have the name...
elaine: (While reading a book) Oh oh, listen to this, this is not good, listen to these symptoms for rabies anxiety, irritability. I got those, I'm irritable!
elaine: Hey! I got bit by a dog! I had to go to the hospital! I was bleeding to death! I can't solve every little problem you have!
elaine: I'm sorry... sorry.
elaine: I've got such a headache. Oh, that's another symptom!
elaine: I know I don't want it! I don't need you to tell me what I don't want, you stupid hipster dufus!
elaine: I'm sorry, Kramer, I'm sorry.
elaine: I... I think I'm... I'm having trouble swallowing. I can't... I can't swallow.
elaine: Is this gonna hurt?
elaine: What if Jeffrey's not home. Did you ever think of that?
elaine: Let me tell you this there is no way cousin Jeffrey is dating Amy. He looks like a horse!
elaine: Yeah, he's got a real horse face. (Elaine, while looking out the window) Here, look at this! It's the guy with the dog! (She opens the window and screams) Hey! Hey! You down there! Remember me? I had to get shot because of your stupid dog!
elaine: No no no no, come on, let's go downstairs.
elaine: What do you think?
elaine: Yeah, yeah like him, definitely like him. I like him a lot.
elaine: Nothing, and I've looked.
elaine: In the office.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: So, I was sitting at the reception desk, I was looking pretty hot. I was wearing my sling back pumps.
elaine: Ask your mother, (making fun of George's living situation) you live with her now, don't you? Anyway, so then this guy comes up to me and starts feeling my jacket through his thumb and his forefinger like this.
"elaine: I said ""So, what do you think?"". And he said, ""Gabardine?"". And I said, ""Yeah."" That was it."
elaine: Yeah...Jake Jarmel.
elaine: Hey, that's Barry. Look it's Barry. (taps on the window)
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Oh, he doesn't handle my money, he handles Jerry's money. He just does my taxes.
elaine: Hi, what are you doing on this neighborhood?
elaine: Wow, look at that ring.
elaine: See what?
elaine: What?
elaine: I don't know.
elaine: Oh, no! Come on Jerry.
elaine: No, I have known this guy since college. He doesn't do drugs.
elaine: Maybe it's the cold weather.
elaine: (making fun of George as he leaves) Don't forget to wash your hands before supper.
elaine: Hello.... hello, oh...
elaine: You have cleaned out the whole apartment and you're making dinner. You're perfect, you're a perfect man.
elaine: Did anyone call?
elaine: Where are they?
elaine: Thank you. (looking at the messages) Oh ya, heh, I'll call you back. Ooh, Myra had the baby! Oh, my God that's wonderful! Who called?
elaine: She did? Oh, that's so great!
elaine: In the drawer on the right. Hmm...
elaine: Nah it's nothing.
elaine: It's nothing.
elaine: Well, I was just curious why you didn't use an exclamation point?
"elaine: See, right here you wrote ""Myra had the baby"", but you didn't use an exclamation point."
elaine: So, it's ya nothing. Forget it, forget it, I just find it curious.
elaine: Well, I mean if one of your close friends had a baby and I left you a message about it, I would use an exclamation point.
elaine: You don't think that someone having a baby warrants an exclamation point.
elaine: I just thought you would be a little more excited about a friend of mine having a baby.
elaine: Well, you know Jake, you should learn to use them. Like the way I'm talking right now, I would put an exclamation points at the end of all these sentences! On this one! And on that one!
elaine: Why?
elaine: Well, I felt a call for one.
elaine: I found it very troubling that he didn't use one.
elaine: Oh, he's not on drugs.
elaine: All right, here, you call him right now. See if he's sniffing right now.
elaine: So what?
elaine: People go to South America.
elaine: So, because of a few bad apples you're gonna impugn an entire continent?
elaine: Look it, gentlemen. The fact remains you still have no proof. This is all speculation and hearsay.
elaine: Ohh, what are you gonna do? You gonna put on phony beards and dress-up like Arab sheiks and sit around in some hotel room. I mean come on...
elaine: You wanted to see me, Mr. Lippman?
elaine: Yes (clears her throat) yes I did.
elaine: Uh well um, I felt that the writing lacked certain emotion and intensity.
elaine: Right, well...
elaine: That's that's correct, I-I felt that the character doesn't like to be ch-ch-chilly...
elaine: Well, yeah, you know how frustrating that can be when you keep putting quarters and quarters in to machine and then (prrt) nothing comes out...
elaine: Ok, ok ok ...
elaine: ...ok I'll just....
elaine: You still have no proof.
elaine: The sweater! The sweater made him sniff! See, I told you he wasn't a drug addict.
elaine: You are really lucky Newman never mailed that letter.
elaine: What is this?
elaine: He is filing a chapter eleven. Why, what's going on, why is he filing a chapter eleven?
elaine: What do you mean, I thought it was the sweater.
elaine: Whoa.
elaine: First the sucking then the weaning.
elaine: Must wean.
elaine: Did you give him the room number?
elaine: I'm taking a cab home. I can't this anymore.
elaine: Huuh, Wow.
elaine: What?
elaine: That's great Kramer... So-So, anyway, tell us what's involved in being a Godparent.
elaine: Wha, Kramer. It's a tradition.
elaine: A Mohel! What the hell is a Mohel?
elaine: Where am I going to find a Mohel? (LOOKING THROUGH THE YELLOW PAGES, MUTTERING) Motels, models... How do you find a Mohel?
elaine: Hey Jerry, you ever seen one?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Ya.
elaine: (shakes her head) No, had no face, no personality. It was like a martian. But hey, you know that's me.
elaine: Well I have to interview a Mohel.
elaine: Are you alright?
elaine: If I hear about this pig-man one more time...
elaine: (MUMBLES) That's just about enough
elaine: Oh, no, it's fascinating, but could you do me a favor, could ya tape the rest of the pig-men and the women who love them discussion and I'll listen to it the next time I'm here. I've gotta go find a Mohel.
elaine: Well, perhaps one day when the pig-men roam free it will be stopped Kramer. Until then, off with their heads.
elaine: He'll be here.
elaine: Relax. You'd think you were getting whacked.
elaine: I thought pitchers and catchers did have a special rapport.
elaine: What about me? I mean I just watched a few games with her sitting in the stands.
elaine: Yes it is level jumping.
elaine: Kramer, what's the matter with you?
elaine: (to everyone) Oh, that's the Mohel.
elaine: Hello.
elaine: Did you find the place alright?
elaine: (setting down her glass) Oh, ya haha.
elaine: (to Myra) He's very highly recommended. So...
elaine: (pushing Jerry over to the Mohel) Ok, go.
elaine: Go.
elaine: C'mon
elaine: Ok.
elaine: You flinched.
elaine: Oh how would he know. He blacked out. He fainted.
elaine: Would you stop it? You're just gonna need a few stitches.
elaine: I said I'm sorry.
elaine: Jerry, be careful. The Mohel's got a knife!
elaine: Oh, how's the baby?
elaine: You really do the worst Godfather I ever heard. You're not even close.
elaine: But I didn't do anything.
elaine: (annoyed) Uh, you are kidding me. How am I supposed to get to this meeting?
elaine: Oh forget it, I hate those. Everytime I take one, the driver will *not* stop talking to me. No matter how disinterested I seem he just keeps yakking away. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Why does everything always have to have a social componant? Now a stage coach, that would have been a good situation for me. Cause I'm in the coach, and the driver is way up there on the stage.
elaine: Yea, I guess that could work.
elaine: Pardon me?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: You know I-I'm having a lot of trouble, um, hearing you back here. So...
elaine: I'm going to have to be honest with you. I'm going deaf.
elaine: What?
elaine: It can be very frustrating.
elaine: Am I fearing AIDS? Oh, yeah sure, who isn't. But you know you gotta live your life.
elaine: Tom Hanks? After me you're picking up Tom Hanks? I love him.
elaine: (realizing he caught her) Yeah. Yes it does...
elaine: No no, no no.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: What is this about?
elaine: You are kidding. That is amazing. (She pushes Jerry, Jerry falls back into Kramer.) I just took a car service from work and to get the driver to not talk to me, I pretended I was going deaf.
elaine: Oh didn't work. He caught me hearing. Alright it's terrible, but I'm not a terrible person.
"elaine: No. When I shoo squirrels away, I always say ""get out of here"". I never ever throw things at them and try to injure them like other people."
elaine: Yeah, and when I see freaks in the street I never, ever stare at them. Yet, I'm careful not to look away, see, because I want to make the freaks feel comfortable.
elaine: Yeah, and I don't poof up my hair when I got to a movie so people behind me can see. I've got to make it up to this guy or I won't be able to live with myself. What can I do?
elaine: Really?
elaine: Oh great, thanks Kramer.
elaine: Yeah I think he's right. I've never seen a ball man.
elaine: Hey you know a friend of mine from work said that she saw George at the tennis match on TV yesterday.
elaine: I heard you *really* inhaled that thing. Did anyone tape it?
elaine: Oh come on. If she's that superficial you don't want her.
elaine: So I guess you're not going to Todd's party on Friday.
elaine: I beg to differ.
elaine: He's the *loser*. She's the victor. To the victor belong the spoils.
elaine: Well we can take the car service from my office.
elaine: Yeah, they don't know.
elaine: She's so wild. Can I borrow her for a few hours tomorrow afternoon?
elaine: It's so amazing getting to see Monica Seles playing in the finals.
elaine: Hmm!
elaine: They put real blue berries in this. And there's real blue berries. What kind did you get?
elaine: Let me test-taste that. (tastes Jerry's yogurt)
elaine: Hmm! Rico!
elaine: (offering her yogurt to George) You want to taste mine?
elaine: No, I don't.
elaine: All right, let's just forget it.
elaine: All right, we should get going. But, I'm going to get a little bit more, okay?
elaine: Hi!
elaine: Hi!
elaine: Nice to meet you, too!
elaine: (excited about Lloyd) Aaah. Boy, he is really cute!
elaine: (on the buzzer) Buzz me.
elaine: Hey!
elaine: Oh, I was having lunch, and I bit down on the fork.
elaine: What?
elaine: (quietly) What?
elaine: Where's your bathroom scale? (Jerry looks at her like 'where do you think?' Elaine and Jerry both go into the bathroom) Oh my god, I've gained seven pounds.
elaine: Oh, my god! A couple, but 7 pounds. How did I gain 7 pounds?
elaine: I don't get it. I, I've been doing the same exercises. I haven't been eating anything different.
elaine: I don't eat Oreos.
elaine: Jerry, there's got to be a way to find that out.
elaine: AH! I've got it.
elaine: I'll call the Food and Drug Administration.
elaine: Uh-huh. Okay, well, we're coming down. All right. (hangs up the phone) Okay. I got a place that can analyze it. It's in Brooklyn. We have to drive there.
elaine: Yeah, it's forty-five bucks.
elaine: Hm-hmm.
elaine: I want a small, plain vanilla in a cup to go. That's non-fat, right?
elaine: 'Cause I'm on a special diet, and the doctor said I can't have any fat.
elaine: Hurry, Jerry! Hurry!
elaine: Not so good.
elaine: Um, hi! Hi. I called earlier about getting the yogurt tested.
elaine: Uh, does it matter if it's melted?
elaine: That's okay.
elaine: Okay, I'm done.
elaine: It smells. Smells bad. Smells really bad.
elaine: What?
elaine: Hey!
elaine: So, guess who called me.
elaine: We're going out tomorrow night.
elaine: I can't say that.
elaine: What if I like him? I'm going to start out lying to this guy?
elaine: No. But what if we get married or something? We'll always have that between us.
elaine: You never know.
elaine: All right, well, then what if we become a couple, George? Every time we see you you're going to be walking around going like this? (moving her arm) Even you can't keep that up.
elaine: You know, Lloyd advises Dinkins on everything he does.
elaine: He tells him which soap to use.
elaine: Well, as far as I know, he bumped his arm into a door and it's kind of got this in(pauses)voluntarily movement. Some sort of a (clears her throat) spasm. So, anyway, you're a..you're a big advisor to Dinkins, huh?
elaine: Wow! You know what I would do if I was running for mayor. One of my campaign themes would be that everybody should wear name tags all the time to make the city friendlier.
elaine: Well, everybody would know everybody. It would be like a small town.
elaine: Really? Wow.
elaine: No, I'm watching my weight.
elaine: Yeah, so they say.
elaine: Yeah. Okay.
elaine: Three days and he hasn't called me, and you know why? Because he thinks I'm too fat.
"elaine: (stands up straight) No, but I saw the look on his face when he put his arm around me. And then we went to his apartment, and I sat on one of his chairs and it broke. And he says, ""Boy, you're a lot of woman!"""
elaine: No. What about him?
elaine: Un-huh.
elaine: Jerry, come on, look. Let's go over to that yogurt store.
elaine: (pointing to Kramer) Now look what you've done.
elaine: Oh, it stinks.
elaine: Hey, you guys, listen to this. Listen to this. (reading from the newspaper) Apparently some blood spilled into Mr. Giuliani's test tube causing his cholesterol count to be 150 points higher than was initially reported. Ironically, the mishap by bringing the non-fat yogurt scandal to the attention of the public, probably clinched the election for the Republican. It was the one issue which seemed to electrify the voters and swept Giuliani into office.
elaine: I wonder what actually happened in that lab.
"elaine: ""I want you to have this job, of course the Board of Directors is under indictment and will be serving time."""
elaine: Why don't you go ahead and call him?
elaine: Good for you.
elaine: What butcher?
elaine: You never get good haircuts.
elaine: Yeah. You know what, you should go over there and get one to look good for my bachelor auction.
elaine: Oh it's a thing where they auction off dates with bachelors for charity.
elaine: Will you go ahead? You need a haircut.
elaine: Hi. How come you're wearing a hat?
elaine: Oh yeah? Can I see it?
elaine: Come on. Let me see it.
elaine: Come on.
elaine: (still laughing, tears in her eyes) I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
elaine: What? No Jerry, you have to go.
elaine: (dryly) Yeah, too bad.
elaine: Oh great, then you can go to the bachelor auction.
elaine: Can he fix it?
elaine: What happened? It looks the same.
elaine: Jerry, the auction is in a few hours.
elaine: You can still go.
elaine: You think?
elaine: What would you wear?
elaine: Nine hundred. Do I hear a thousand? Ladies, he is a Harvard graduate.
elaine: A thousand. Okay, a thousand once, a thousand twice, a thousand three times, sold to the lucky lady in the third row. Congratulations, thank you so much.
elaine: Okay next bachelor is number, um 124 on your program. He's uh, he's a high school graduate.
elaine: Oh, uh equivalency. A high school equivalency program graduate. (Kramer dances up and down the stage) He's uh, self-employed. He's... I don't know, six foot three, 190 pounds, he likes, uh... fruit, and he just got uh, a haircut.
elaine: Oh, Kramer. Okay uh, why don't we start the bidding. Do I hear, um, five bucks?
elaine: It isn't?
elaine: Get out!
elaine: You remember the date?
elaine: Boy, you know when Joel told me he hadn't thrown up in eight years, I was wondering if he was normal.
elaine: Yeah... (2 co-workers enter Elaine's office) Oh Jer, I gotta go. I gotta go. (she hangs up)
elaine: Oh, yeah?
elaine: Joel...
elaine: Uh... (clears her throat) Rifkin.
elaine: Yeah. It's just a coincidence obviously.
elaine: Very funny. That's very funny.
elaine: All right. Well that's enough of that. That's enough.
elaine: (she's upset, gets up and yells) OK look this is my boyfriend we're talking about OK? And he's a gentlemen, he's good looking, he's a good shaver and he hasn't thrown up in eigth years so just shut up about him! Shut up!
elaine: The whole city is talking about this monster Joel Rifkin, and I am dating a Joel Rifkin.
elaine: Yeah. I just wish he has a different name.
elaine: You can't ask a person to change their name.
elaine: Would you change yours?
elaine: Hey, how many people did Rifkin strangle? Eighteen?
elaine: You know Joel and I have an extra ticket to the Giants game.
elaine: O.K. I'll leave the ticket for you at will call.
elaine: You think I should have asked George?
elaine: Karen?
elaine: Oh! The Risotto broad.
elaine: I tought you didn't like double dates.
elaine: I've looked through that window and screamed at him to shut the blinds.
elaine: And you're taking...
elaine: Hey, did you get a massage yet?
elaine: Jerry, she gives massages all day. She doesn't wanna to give them on dates.
elaine: So what?
elaine: (as he touches her) Uhh! What are you doing?
elaine: Oh. Huh. Of course. Massaging.
elaine: Yeah, yeah. You know what? There are a lot of players named Deon these days. What a cool name, Deon. If I were gonna change my name, I'd go with Deon.
elaine: Well as a woman, it makes no sense. But, I mean, let's say I was you. And I decided I was gonna change my name for no real reasons whatsoever-- Deon Rifkin. Wow! That is so cool.
elaine: Well maybe you're not the Dion type. O.K. then let's see, let's see, what do we got? (looking at the magazine, she starts to gasp and loses it) Oh! Oh oh oh! O.J.! O.J. Rifkin! You don't even use a name, it's just initials. Oh please please please change your name to O.J.! Please, it would be so great!
elaine: Oh, you have photos in your wallet?
elaine: No, it's normal. You're very normal. You're totally normal. Who's this?
elaine: Oh yeah. I see the resemblance.
elaine: Yeah, there is, right here you see--
elaine: (pause) Oh. That's nice.
elaine: (to the person in front of her) He's not the murderer.
elaine: Of course I support your decision to change your name.
elaine: Well, listen, I just want you to know that I was more than willing to stick it out with Joel Rifkin.
elaine: (she fakes a strangling) RRR...
elaine: Yeah. Yeah. 10 names.
elaine: O.K. And if somebody objects, you can just veto it.
elaine: O.K. You start. What's your first choice?
elaine: (right away) No. Second choice.
elaine: I have never met a normal guy named Stuart.
elaine: (repeating to hear how it sounds) Todd. (pause) No. Veto.
elaine: Great...
elaine: I gotta tell ya, I have a bad association with the name Alex.
"elaine: Yeah, in college I sat next to an Alex in art history. And he was always drinking coffee and after every sip he would go ""Ahh"". I mean every two seconds ""Ahh"". And he would take like 40 sips and after everyone ""Ahh"". I had to drop the class."
elaine: What is wrong with Ned?
elaine: Ellis.
elaine: Ellis and Alex aren't even close.
elaine: Ohh, what is the point?
elaine: O.K. O.K. Remy.
elaine: Oh, Stuart's a lot better! (talking like a baby) Little Stuart Rifkin likes to go shopping with his mother.
elaine: (sniffing) Dandruff?
elaine: There's some kasha.
elaine: Alright, let's go, come on.
elaine: Yeah. You know we shouldn't have bowled that last game, I'm gonna be late.
elaine: Not any more. Come on, get your ball, we're leaving. Let's go, let's go.
elaine: (impatient) Come on!
elaine: I'm having people over.
elaine: The girls for poker night. You know, Joanne, Renee, Winona...
elaine: Yeah. And she broke up with the vitamin guy.
elaine: I'll put in a good word for you.
elaine: Got it! C'mon, let's go, let's go. Bye George.
elaine: Now?!
elaine: Jerry, you promised you'd get me home by seven.
elaine: Oh! The subway? From Queens?
elaine: I need something to read on the subway.
elaine: (looks at it) TV Guide?
elaine: (engrossed in magazine) Hmm-mmm.
elaine: (still paying no attention) Hmm-mmm. First thing in the morning.
elaine: How are you gonna get something and get back on the train in time?
elaine: (laughing) No thanks.
elaine: Excuse me?
elaine: Ah. Uh, look really (looks about to try and avoid contact) I'm just trying to read.
elaine: He's not my boyfriend.
elaine: Oh, (nervous laugh) my stop. (making her escape) Bye-bye.
elaine: Knocked you out Jack. Pair of deuces
elaine: (triumphant) Ha, ha, ha ha!
elaine: Who is it?
elaine: Jerry!
elaine: What is this?
elaine: Oh, you did? (to girls) Oh, do you guys all know Jerry?
elaine: No.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (examines card; embarrassed) That's very nice. Thank you very much.
elaine: I, I don't think so.
elaine: I, uh, I don't blame you Winona. I, uh...
elaine: Are you out of your mind?!
elaine: Winona is a Native American.
elaine: It's right over there.
elaine: You want it?
elaine: Yuh! You wanna lug it uptown, it's yours.
elaine: Aah, so Mr Costanza was pretty mad, huh?
elaine: He collects (holds up magazine) these?
elaine: Wow! Alright, well I will personally go out to Queens and deliver his Al Roker TV Guide to him.
elaine: I dunno.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: What did who say?
elaine: Uhmm...
elaine: Kramer, it is such a dumb idea. I would be (raising her voice as Kramer speaks his line) totally embarrassed to bring it...
elaine: I would be embarrassed to bring it up.
elaine: Hello. (she enters)
elaine: (placatory) I'm so sorry about that Mr Costanza, but look. Look, I brought you another one. (hands it over)
elaine: (accepts reluctantly) Oh, thank you.
elaine: Mr Lippman. I'm sorry, I was in Queens uh... (sees Kramer) Kramer!
elaine: What are you doing in here with that?
elaine: Well I (indistinct) ...manuscript that I...
elaine: I dunno.
elaine: I guess.
elaine: What d'you think is the matter? I've been assigned to work on Kramer's coffee table book.
elaine: I don't think so.
elaine: He's not my boyfriend.
elaine: We started to talk, and I told him that I jog, and then he put his hand on my heart.
elaine: Jerry, the man is a doctor.
elaine: So, its the same thing.
elaine: Really?
elaine: What?
elaine: Whats that? (points at some foil on the table)
elaine: Why?
elaine: Latvian Orthodox? (gasps) Mmm, it is lobster.
elaine: Mmm, this is delicious.
elaine: Why dont you just ask her parents?
elaine: I think it would be romantic.
elaine: Yeah, its like Edward the Eighth abdicating the throne and marrying Mrs. Simpson. Ooh.
elaine: George I was just kidding around.
elaine: George I wasnt serious.
elaine: I guess this one is my fault.
elaine: I dont know.
elaine: So what did you say?
elaine: I don't know, what were you doing opening her medicine cabinet?
elaine: You were snooping.
elaine: Well I trust people not to do that.
elaine: What? Now hes a doctor? Before he was a podiatrist.
elaine: I am not going to ask him about funguses.
elaine: You sure you dont mind?
elaine: Well I mean the question isnt even for me its for a friend.
elaine: Well podiatrist.
elaine: No no, Im just saying you didnt really go to medical school, you went to podiatry school. Which Im sure is very grueling in its own way.
elaine: I like feet too. Im just saying
elaine: No.
elaine: You took her medicine.
elaine: I dont know. We got into this whole thing about how podiatrists arent real doctors.
elaine: Its you fault. You just got me thinking.
elaine: Ive got nothing against the foot. Im pro-foot.
elaine: Do you think I should call him and apologize?
elaine: (kiss, kiss) You know, because I love the foot. Im a big fan of the foot.
elaine: And that pinkie toe, come on . How adorable is the pinkie toe.
elaine: Lets face it, you get a bunion, where are you going? Youre not going to the ear guy.
elaine: Ill be right back.
elaine: Its right down here to the left. I will uh meet you right back here.
elaine: Oh, I can't believe this. What a dope! uh..excuse me umm.. I'm sorry this is.. this is kind of embarrassing but.. there's no toilet paper over here
elaine: yeah.. I I just forgot to check so if you could just spare me some.
elaine: What?
elaine: you can't spare it??
elaine: well I don't need much, just 3 squares will do it
elaine: 3 squares? you can't spare 3 squares??
elaine: oh is it two-ply? cause it it's two-ply I'll take one ply, one ply, one puny little ply, I'll take one measly ply
elaine: No no, no no, don't don't, I beg you
elaine: hey
elaine: what?
elaine: you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom
elaine: 3 squares!! that's all I was asking for! 3 squares!
"elaine: I was begging her ""please! please!"" she was insane"
elaine: hmm where is Jerry sitting? he's supposed to be here tonight with his new girlfriend I'm dying to see what she looks like
elaine: I am never going back to the movies again
elaine: I looked for you too, I was all the way over on the side
elaine: yeah
elaine: yeah, all right ok
elaine: that's nice. Listen, listen to this I am in the bathroom, right before the movie starts
elaine: I'm in the stall and there's no toilet paper
elaine: toilet paper
elaine: so I ask this woman in the stall next to me for some and she refuses! ha ha
elaine: a square?
elaine: a ply?
elaine: yeah
elaine: yeah, well I just hope I run into her again ok, cause I will never forget that flinty voice, it is tattooed in my brain if I hear it, watch out So listen what happened with Jane last night?
elaine: the four of us are going out Saturday right? That should be fun
elaine: you know what, it's getting late, can I call Tony?
elaine: Andre?
elaine: what, what is going on? what.. who is Andre?
elaine: oh wait, you're giving me a lift home right?
elaine: so listen, what happened last night with Jane?
elaine: you know I hate to tell you this, but it's time to defrost that freezer
elaine: hey you got a problem with Tony?
elaine: ok, Jerry, I would be going out with him no matter what he looked like
elaine: oh yeah, oh.. like you're one to talk
elaine: what?
elaine: uh?
elaine: I'm not being superficial
elaine: he's not a mimbo, he's an exciting, charismatic man he just happened to have a perfect face
elaine: no it is not
elaine: I think he does too
elaine: rock climbing? hehe.. where do you come off going rock climbing.. rock climbing? you need a boost to climb into your bed (Elaine laughs)
elaine: hates it
elaine: it's Elaine
elaine: hi
elaine: hi, nice to meet you finally
elaine: yeah me too
elaine: what is with the gum?
elaine: because of the gum
elaine: why does she have to chew so many?
elaine: hey
elaine: did you have fun
elaine: where's Tony?
elaine: did something happened?
elaine: his face, did something happen to his face?
elaine: what happened to his face, tell me, what happened to his face
elaine: so huh, what did the doctors say?
elaine: but what else did they say
elaine: right yeah.. no I mean did they get into stuff like a.. long jagged scars or.. gross deformities, major skin grafts, stuff like that
elaine: huh (smiles) but huh, in this medicated haze, in this woozy state, um do you recall the words.. radical reconstructive surgery being uttered?
elaine: think Tony, think
elaine: Excuse me.
elaine: this isn't a very good time George
elaine: yeah, Tony says you better step off George
elaine: ok step off George, can u just step off?
elaine: Bye bye (shuts the door) oh.. (opens it back) George wait wait
elaine: would you throw this trash out (closes the door)
elaine: he's supposed to get the bandages off on Sunday.. what if?
elaine: you know (acts like a monster)
elaine: yeah I mean, I mean what is my obligation here, you know we were just dating, it was probably gonna be over in a couple of weeks anyway
elaine: I lied
elaine: are you kidding, he's a mimbo I know that.. but he's my mimbo, you know and even if he is a hideous freak maybe, maybe I can learn to love him, maybe in some final irony (Jerry is looking the other way), I'll learn what love really is. You know Jerry
elaine: yeah, yeah
elaine: excuse me, do you have a tissue?
elaine: I have to go to the bathroom too (runs to be ahead of Jane; Jane stops and looks back at Jerry; Jerry shugs)
elaine: something.. wrong?
elaine: I can't, I don't have it, I don't have a square to spare, I can't spare a square
elaine: that's right honey, and I know you!
elaine: here, take it
elaine: Hey, do you believe I got Happy New Yeared today? It's February.
elaine: It's disgusting.
elaine: Really cold.
elaine: I don't know. What's your definition of scary cold?
elaine: (Laughing as she says it) What is that, ha?
elaine: Hey, you can't even turn around in that thing.
elaine: Hey George, can you feel this? Can you ...
elaine: Oh listen we should stop off on the way and get a bottle of wine or something.
elaine: These people invited us for dinner. We have to bring something.
elaine: Because it's rude, otherwise.
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Ya can't bring Pepsi. (Elaine starts putting on her coat and gloves)
elaine: Because we're adults?
elaine: Jerry get off of me. Get off of ME! Get off, Get off of Me!
elaine: You know, I was just thinking. The four of us can't show up with just one bottle of wine.
elaine: What?
elaine: We should bring some cake. Will you stop off at the bakery?
elaine: Ring Dings?
elaine: George, we can't show up at someone's house with Ring Dings and Pepsi.
elaine: Oh, Kramer, thats the bakery. Stop here. Stop here.
elaine: Okay, let me out. You, eh, whatever your name is
elaine: Yeah, Jerry, Jerry -- come with me.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Ummm, I love the smell of bakeries.
elaine: Mmm.
elaine: You know I often wonder what you'll be like when you're senile.
elaine: Yeah. I think it will be a very smooth transition for you.
elaine: CHOCOLATE BABKA! That's their specialty.
elaine: Yeah, yeah!
elaine: Why?
elaine: You think it's effeminate?
elaine: Oh, we forgot to pick a number.
elaine: I-cu-di-ge--You think I should go and ask her for hers?
elaine: No, no no no, no it's not fair. Just because they have a ticket doesn't mean they were here first. We were here, and we were ahead of them, and them, and her. Come on let's just go ask em. Come on. . . . Excuse me.
elaine: But we were here ahead of you.
elaine: Oh, yeah, right, that's something I do all the time, right. I make up stories to get ahead in lines at bakeries.
elaine: Wait, wait a second are, are you Barbara Benedict?
elaine: Oh my god. I, I know you. I-Im, I'm Elaine Benes. Do you remember we met at Linda van Grak's baby shower.
elaine: Yeah me too.
elaine: Well, this is a little awkward, isn't it?
elaine: You know we were here, ahead of you.
elaine: Ohhh, OK, fine, fine, go ahead. But listen let me tell you something as soon as I get there I'm going to tell everyone what a jerk you are.
elaine: I know. They're going in first with the last babka.
elaine: You can't beat a babka.
elaine: (exhales) They're going to be heroes.
elaine: Well how about a carrot cake?
elaine: Black Forrest?
elaine: Napoleon? Who's he to have a cake? He was a ruthless war monger. Might as well get Mengele.
elaine: What's this one?
elaine: (gasp)
elaine: No, but they got the chocolate. We'll be going in with lesser babka.
elaine: I'll have a cinnamon babka.
elaine: Well your views on race relations are just, fascinating. You really should do an Op-Ed piece for the Times. (Op-Ed stands for Opinions and Editorials)
elaine: (looking in the box) Well what is this?
elaine: It's a hair.
elaine: No, we're late as it is. I'll just take it off.
elaine: Alright, alright.
elaine: Excuse me.
elaine: No noo no, we just bought this. . . . Um, you sold us a cake with a (quietly) hair on it.
elaine: We waited fifteen minutes for this. Tst - YOU SELL ME A CAKE WITH A HAIR ON IT. Then you want me to wait? . . . What are you doing (to Jerry taking a number) youre gonna wait now?
elaine: Well it was a little hair. I took it off.
elaine: What if it's your hair?
elaine: (Wh-wh) What is wrong with my hair? Nobody takes better care of their hair than me. You can serve dinner on my head.
elaine: Okay, fine, we'll just wait until she calls the number.
elaine: No I'm bringing cake! (looking worried and apprehensive)
elaine: Why couldn't we just take the hair off and go?
elaine: Whhhy?
elaine: What happened?
elaine: You can't tell me?
elaine: You found a hair in your Farina?
elaine: What happened?
elaine: (quietly) Wow. Who's hair was it?
elaine: (quietly) Ahhhhh
elaine: Ooo, That's us. (hits Jerry in the arm)
elaine: You sold us a hair with a cake around it. We'd like another one.
elaine: Ah,
elaine: Okay. Alright we got the cake now. Where is George and Kramer?
elaine: Wait `til I get my hands on that George. I am gonna *pull* that big hood over his little head... tie the strings, and suffocate. You remember that Panama hat? That was nothing.
elaine: What's the matter with you?
elaine: What's wrong?
elaine: The black and white?
elaine: Not getting along?
elaine: (mocking - in a dopey voice) Well if we can't look to the cookie where can we look?
elaine: Wait, what about your vomit streak?
elaine: Oh, oh! Ooh my god. Oh!
elaine: Sorry? You almost took my toe off. Why don't you watch what you're doing you, LUNATIC! (the man turns and walks away)
elaine: (cont) ...uh, Jerry, I think he broke my toe. (Jerry gets up) W-Where're you going?
elaine: How was it?
elaine: Somebody put a cane on my foot. Just like the one I'm going to put up your...
elaine: Cinnamon babka.
elaine: Here, here's your cake. (just about tosses it at the woman)
elaine: See ya'.
elaine: (to the phone) Well did he bring it up in the meeting?
elaine: Yeah, I'm on the phone here.
elaine: No thanks. (to the phone) Yeah, Yeah I'll hold.
elaine: Why don't you just let Golden Boy soak in the sink with some Woolight?
elaine: (to the phone)Yeah. Oh! What? He is! Oh! thats fantastic! I'm so excited! Yes I'm excited, OK, OK I'll be in soon! yeah, yeah, I'm coming, I'm coming! OK bye. (Elaine jumps up and dances around) Yuri Testikov, the Russian writer!
elaine: Yeah! Pendant's publishing his new book, and I'm working on it! Lippman and I are gonna go to the airport on Thursday and pick him up in a limousine!
elaine: Oh! (pushing Jerry) Do you know what this means, it's like working with Tolstoy!
elaine: ... (looking at Jerry for a second then, mockingly nods her head back and forth) ....Ha ha ha ha.
elaine: But it's a line from that song!
elaine: Really?
elaine: What is this your mail? (She takes a magazine and starts flipping through it)
elaine: Oh! Your Alumni Magazine.
"elaine: (gasp) Hey Jerry, you're in the Alumni magazine! Listen to this Jerry Seinfeld has appeared on ""David Letterman"" and the ""Tonight Show"" and he did a pilot for NBC called ""Jerry"" ...that was not picked up. Georgie, how come theres not anything about you in here?"
elaine: All right (slaps the magazine down on the counter) this is too much fun, I gotta get back to work. (heads for the door)
elaine: Yeah. (startled)
elaine: Its OK. (starts walking down the hallway)
elaine: What?
elaine: Wh..?
elaine: Wow!
elaine: Oh! I can't believe this, Kramer!
elaine: I've been wanting to get one of these things! Are you sure that...
elaine: ...Are you sure you can't use this thing?
elaine: Where'd you get this?
elaine: Ohh, That is so true! (clutches her hands to her chest)
"elaine: Although one wonders if ""War and Peace"" would has been as highly acclaimed as it was, had it was published under it's original title ""War---What Is It Good For?"""
elaine: Yeah. Mr. Lippman. It was *his mistress* who insisted that he call it
"elaine: ""War and Peace."""
"elaine: ""War--What Is It Good For."" (sings) Absolutely nothin' HUH! Say it Again! ahehehehe"
elaine: (spoken to Testikov) that's a song
elaine: they-they took it from Tolstoy.
elaine: No its not. That really is true.
elaine: Yes it is
elaine: Oh, I
elaine: Oh It must be my new organizer.
elaine: Right, I think its this
elaine: OK. I dont quite know
elaine: Yeah, Im gonna work on that
"elaine: Hey, ""great"" organizer you gave me."
elaine: It wouldn't stop beeping, in the car so Testikov, through it out the window.
elaine: I transferred everything in there. I threw out my old book. I'm lost now, Kramer.
elaine: What, what is it?
elaine: OK I'll see you later.
elaine: There you are!
elaine: So?
elaine: So what do you have to say for yourself?
"elaine: ""War-- What is it good for?""!"
elaine: A-hu hu hu hu. Yuri Testikov, the Russian writer! Hellooo!
elaine: Uh-hu. And do you know what happened?
elaine: Oh, Please.
elaine: What, how did you know that?
elaine: (gasps) How did you find it?
elaine: (gasps) Where is it, give it to me!
elaine: Why not.
elaine: But I didn't do it. Testikov did it, he should pay for it!
elaine: One million.
elaine: Yeah, 308. Oh, I'm crazy for doing this!
elaine: Why are you so interested -- you want to take her out?
elaine: Well, you're not Superman.
elaine: Oh. Listen, you got the tape-recorder.
"elaine: Yeah I gotta get Testikov on tape. If this woman ends up in the ""New England Journal Of Medicine"" I'm not gonna pay for it."
elaine: Hi, (sighs) you got the organizer?
elaine: Um, yes this is my friend Jerry. Um, he accompanied me, ya know (clears throat), single women in a big city can be dangerous, so
elaine: Hmm. (she nods in agreement)
elaine: (quietly) OK.
elaine: Uh-Oh-ah, by the way Mr. Testikov um, do you remember the other day when we were in the limo and ah, my organizer started making noise and you threw it out the window?
elaine: ( laughs) Well um, would you believe that it actually, hit somebody in the head.
elaine: Boing! Hehe hehe. (makes a hand gesture to her forehead and away)
elaine: Oh thats nothing. Um and anyway um
elaine: No, No that's my purse!
elaine: No, get-get off my purse!
elaine: No that's Radio!
elaine: George Ive just reading this thing in the paper, it's unbelievable!
elaine: What, are you in a bad mood?
elaine: Ohhh! Golden Boy?
elaine: I'm sorry. (pats him on the arm)
elaine: Who wouldn't taste a pie?
elaine: Dump her.
elaine: (piffling) I once broke up with someone for not offering me pie.
elaine: He could be eating a gyro, he wouldn't offer me anything. It's a sickness.
elaine: I got a pebble.
elaine: What the hell does that mean?
elaine: What? Why?
elaine: Like... (doing it) Like this?
elaine: What's me?
elaine: Get out!
elaine: I'm going down there.
elaine: (grabbing George by the arm, hurried to leave) Let's go.
elaine: It looks exactly like me.
elaine: What's going on here? How do you think this happened?
elaine: You think that could be a coincidence George? Is that possible?
elaine: (to the saleswoman) Excuse me. Where did this come from?
elaine: I'm sorry. You can't tell me where the mannequin came from?
elaine: (irritated, but still polite) Well, is there somebody around here I could talk to who would know?
elaine: Isn't it obvious? This mannequin looks exactly like me.
elaine: (upset) Did you just roll your eyes at him? Because let me tell you something, if anobody should be rolling their eyes, it is me at him about you.
elaine: What are you saying, that I'm not good enough for this hideous dress? (looking at her name tag) Listen Natasha... I wouldn't be caught dead wearing your crummy little euro-trash rags. (to George) I'll meet you outside.
elaine: So, I found out who supplies the mannequins and I called 'em up.
elaine: I don't know. They wouldn't tell me. (Jerry is not listening, he's looking at two women sitting in the other booth) Jerry? Je... Hello?
elaine: We certainly have.
elaine: No way!
elaine: No.
elaine: Kramer, forget it.
elaine: I thought George was meeting us here?
elaine: He's guarding a suit?
elaine: So I made a little list of people who might've made the mannequin. You know, possible suspects.
elaine: There's this blind guy at a party I was at, and he felt my face for a really long time. You know, to see what I looked like. He almost put his finger up my nose.
elaine: OK, I'm not gonna tell you the rest of the list.
elaine: Because you have an attitude.
elaine: Yeah, like a swoosh.
elaine: (feels the fabric) It must be the fabric. It's rubbing between you thighs when you walk. That's what's making that swooshy sound.
elaine: Hmm... No you don't.
elaine: The mannequin!
elaine: You think you can pose me however you want? That's my ass in your window!
elaine: No! You take that mannequin down right now, or I'm pressing charges. (Jerry goes along) Yes, this is my attorney.
elaine: Uh-huh
elaine: Uh-huh. Are you taking this down?
elaine: Jerry get the car. (she's getting the mannequin)
elaine: Just get the car!
elaine: Where are you going?
elaine: You guys are not gonna believe this. I just got a letter from a friend of mine in Chicago who was shopping, and she said she saw a mannequin that looked just like me. What if there're more. Where are they coming from?
elaine: You should have told that story about Packyderm dropping the pizza.
elaine: Do I know him?
elaine: If you were a woman would you go out with him?
elaine: (laughs) Ya, I bet you would. Alright, give him my number.
elaine: Why?
elaine: Is she?
elaine: So?
elaine: Maybe he likes her.
elaine: So now you're going to keep going out with her, for spite?
elaine: (Phil cracking up) So then Packyderm picks up the pieces of pizza, and mind you know they are burning hot.. he can bearly hold 'em. I mean he's like trying to juggle (does a juggling motion and begins laughing) the pizza, you know ah. And then they go flying out of...
elaine: (cont.) they go flying out of his hands, and one lands on her face and the other lands on his face. (pause as they both continue to laugh really hard) and the whole place went crazy.
elaine: I know, I know, I was unbelievable
elaine: (wipes her eyes because she laughed so hard she cried) I know.
elaine: Oh, I'm sorry Jerry didn't suggest this sooner.
elaine: Oh, well, (pauses) Good night.
elaine: Well (leans in to kiss Phil, then looks down at his pants with a awkward look on her face)
elaine: Hello.
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh, the date. The date.
elaine: Interesting.
elaine: Oh ya.
elaine: Let's see, (thinking) how shall I put this.
elaine: He took it out.
elaine: He took (blows on her glasses twice to clean them) it out.
elaine: It.
elaine: Yessiree Bob.
elaine: He did.
elaine: Noooo.
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Oh quite.
elaine: (looks straight into his eyes) Jerry.
elaine: Yea.
elaine: It.
elaine: Out.
elaine: Oh it be. (sarcastically) You got any other friends you want to set me up with?
elaine: (to Kramer) He took it out.
elaine: Oh, hi Greg.
elaine: Yeah. Well, actuall today was the first day I worked out since the Central Park Mini-Marathon.
elaine: No, but I exercised that day. (Laughs.)
elaine: Yeah, I guess as an airline pilot, you're one of the few people who can say that and mean it. (Laughs again. Greg looks at her, unamused.) Um, do you have the time?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: No.
elaine: I'm just waiting for my friend George, we worked out together.
elaine: Yeah, nice to see you, too.
elaine: (on buzzer) Meh.
elaine: Let's make it fifty.
elaine: Alright, listen to this. Remember that guy I was telling you about at the health club?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I waited, he didn't show up. Anyway, this guy gave me an open-lip kiss.
elaine: So? We've always just kind've pecked. This one had a totally different dynamic.
elaine: Yeah. I mean, his upper lip landed flush on my upper lip. But his lower lip landed well below my rim.
elaine: Yeah. Definite moisture.
elaine: Yeah. Listen, I think he's giving me a big signal...maybe he wants to change our relationship. (The buzzer sounds, Elaine answers it.) Yeah?
elaine: Hey, what happened to you?
elaine: Well, what was it? I mean, I was waiting.
elaine: Because, he doesn't pay any attention to me, and uh he ignores me.
elaine: I respect that. (George enters.) Mmm, what happened?
elaine: Yeah? What was it?
elaine: You went...in the shower?
elaine: Did you ever hear of...holding it in?
elaine: How do you know?
elaine: I can find out.
elaine: Sure. (thinking) Ooh, a project. That's a definite signal.
elaine: Oh, thanks. (thinking) That's no signal, who wouldn't like me in this leotard? I look amazing in this leotard.
elaine: (thinking) Okay, he open-lips me, he dreams about me, we have an olive project...that's it, I'm asking this guy out. (to Greg) Um, you know Greg, I...
elaine: Oh, yeah, sure. (Hands Greg her bottle.)
elaine: (shocked expression; thinking) Oh my God.
elaine: Oh, it was nothing, for-forget it. (George enters the gym.)
elaine: Yup, you mean him?
elaine: So what do you want me to do?
elaine: How can I do that?
elaine: Are you kidding? That's very significant! If he was interested in me, he'd want my germs! He'd just crave my germs!
elaine: George...but if I ask him now, I will have no chance of going out with him.
elaine: I...I don't know...
elaine: No, that's not it!
elaine: Why couldn't you just wait?
elaine: Since when is a drain a toilet?!
elaine: Different pipes go to different places! You're gonna mix 'em up!
elaine: No, you look pale.
elaine: Hi, Greg.
elaine: Ok. (Another guy approaches the exercise machine.) I got the machine next, buddy. (Greg finishes up his workout and gets off the machine.)
elaine: Never mind that, look at the signal I just got.
elaine: Lookit. He knew I was gonna use the machine next, he didn't wipe his sweat off. That's a gesture of intimacy.
elaine: Listen, George! Listen! He knew what he was doing, this was a signal.
elaine: Yeah! It's a social thing.
elaine: No! I won't be a party to this.
elaine: Okay, I'll talk to him. But you're putting me in a very difficult position. (Walks away.)
elaine: You're really working up quite a sweat today, huh?
elaine: Are you sure you want to do that?
elaine: You're interested in...in her? (Points at the manager.)
elaine: Ah. You know, uh..I'm engaged. (preens) Yep, gettin' married in fifty years. (Snaps the straps of her leotard against her chest and winces. George walks by the manager.)
elaine: You know, Greg, I wouldn't do that if I were you.
elaine: Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't it a violation of club policy to not wipe down a machine after using it?
elaine: Yeah, well, at least he had a drain.
elaine: It's us.
elaine: This is Aaron.
elaine: Oh, that is soo nice (very elaborate nice) Aaron. Isn't he nice? (to Helen) So listen has Jerry been showin' you a good time?
elaine: W-well I don't think so Aaron, uh, I have plans.
elaine: (under her breath) Ya that'll happen)
elaine: Bye.
elaine: Why would he ask your parents to go to a museum?
elaine: What is that?
elaine: Have you ever heard of anyone doing anything like this?
elaine: What?
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: (putting on lipstick) Sorry pal, wish I could help you out.
elaine: Mm hmm.
elaine: Aaron
elaine: Uh, let me ask you a question. How come you asked Mr. and Mrs. Seinfeld to go to the museum with you?
elaine: Uhuh, um you didn't feel uncomfortable spending the whole day at the museum with two complete strangers who were more than twice your age?
elaine: You had fun with Mr. and Mrs. Seinfeld.
"elaine: Well first we're going to a matine, I'm taking the afternoon off, we're gonna go see ""My Fair Lady"" and they we are gonna go to dinner. He knows all these fantastic places."
elaine: (already out from behind her desk goes to Aaron) Hi
elaine: Oh, Great.
elaine: Mind? Oh o-of course not.
elaine: (somewhat annoyed) I really don't know Mr. Seinfeld
elaine: N-I know they're your parents Jerry an' they're very nice people. But don't you think it's odd, that a thirty-five year old man is going to these lengths to see that someone else's parents are enjoying themselves? I mean don't you find that abnormal?
elaine: I mean they're your parents and you don't do anything. So why is this stranger doing it?
elaine: See, See, I can't even say anything you know because all he's really doing is being nice but but know body is this nice, this is like certifiably nice.
elaine: Yes, he's insane, that's what I think.
elaine: I don't know, I don't know what to do. (sighs) Oh god.... so how was the movie?
elaine: Ya what do you mean from what you saw?
elaine: Yea why not?
elaine: (thinks for a second) You were making, out during Schindler's List?
elaine: During Schindler's List?
elaine: Did anybody see you? Did anyone say anything?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Good-bye
elaine: Nice to see..
elaine: Bye.
elaine: Aaron? Aaron are you ok?
elaine: You did enough.
elaine: Why?
elaine: Aahh, (pushes Jerry from her seat at the table) Get Out! How did it happen?
elaine: Oohh, boy. They could use a vacation.
elaine: (sighs) So how about that Aaron?
elaine: You know what drove me crazy about him? Did you ever notice that he stood too close to you when he talked?
elaine: You know actually, I've got some work I gotta do, so...
"elaine: Well, I don't know about ""gold."""
elaine: 'Baby'? What, are you doing George now?
elaine: Well, I don't know, don't ask me any more questions about jokes, Jerry, it just puts too much pressure on me.
elaine: Yeah, who's he?
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Yeah, how about her?
elaine: Yeah, she's a package full of something.
elaine: Oh yeah, she's a great laugher, Jerry. (imitates Toby) Really, really great!
elaine: What about her kid, is she bringing him, too?
elaine: Fine... (Toby sits and waits for Elaine to speak.) How are you?
elaine: Nope.
elaine: Knopp? Really? Boy. That means there's an opening here for senior editor...has Lippman, uh, hired anyone?
elaine: Really!?
elaine: Oh...well...
elaine: No, really.
elaine: I mean, stranger things have happened...
elaine: Well, you shouldn't get your hopes up, Toby.
elaine: Really.
elaine: I know.
elaine: I'll tell ya why. Because of her pinky toe, that's why. Because Lippman felt so sorry for her, he didn't want to hurt her feelings.
elaine: Sure, the pinky toe is cute! But, I mean, what is it? It's useless! It does nothing. It's got that little nail that is just impossible to cut. What do we need it for?
elaine: Why don't you just shut the f-
elaine: Yes, I heard, Kramer - I work there, remember??
elaine: Oh, wonderful!
elaine: Oh, of course! She's deranged.
elaine: We gotta see the new baby anyway, at least we'll get a weekend in the Hamptons out of it.
elaine: That was two years ago, remember? 'Jeh-Ree, you gotta see the Bay-Bee! You gotta see the Bay-Bee!'
elaine: Oh, isn't that weird that George and Jane haven't had sex yet, but they're spending a weekend together?
elaine: When's Rachel comin' out?
elaine: Her father is so religious, I'm just amazed that he's letting you see her again after that Schindler's List make-out session.
elaine: Look at my face, look at it. You see any lines?
elaine: You know why? One word shade.
elaine: I don't know. They're takin' a nap or something.
elaine: (Sarcastic) No thanks. I got plenty of girlfriends.
elaine: What?
elaine: Nice rack. (Carol and Michael inside open back door)
elaine: Why do you think we're getting the sneak preview?
elaine: What?
elaine: I'm good.
elaine: Oh, he's a cute little shnugly baby.
elaine: Ugghh.
elaine: Oh, gorgeous, yes.
elaine: Uh, I couldn't look. It was like the Pekinese.
elaine: Oh, you have to lie.
elaine: Yes, it's a must lie situation.
elaine: No, I don't think so.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: (Looking at Ben) Pretty gorgeous.
elaine: Me? Oh no, but I'd love to have a baby, I mean, I can't wait to have a baby. I'm just dyin' to have a baby.
elaine: Breathtaking? I'm breathtaking?
elaine: Yeah, see ya.
elaine: Nobody ever called me breathtaking before.
elaine: I mean, if he thinks that that baby's breathtaking, then who's not breathtaking?
elaine: Yeah, right, that's a possibility. I have to find out.
elaine: I can be very clever.
elaine: Oh, me too. I'll meet you down. (She goes in the hall and sees George) Oh, don't go in, Rachel's getting undressed.
elaine: What do you mean, like laundry?
elaine: It shrinks?
elaine: Why does it shrink?
elaine: I don't know how you guys walk around with those things.
elaine: Yeah, finish eating. The baby's not gonna have any fun over here. We're-We're not fun for a baby.
elaine: Really? Tell us more, Mr. Science. (Rachel whispers in Jane's ear, which prompts Jane to laugh)
elaine: Some night, huh?
elaine: Some dinner, huh?
elaine: Some house, huh?
elaine: Some ugly baby, huh?
elaine: (improvising) I said, uh, some snuggly baby.
elaine: Well, to tell you the truth, Dr. Feffa, I , I was surprised to hear you use a word like breathtaking to describe a baby, I mean, because you also used it referring to me.
elaine: George, these are the best scrambled eggs I've ever tasted.
elaine: Well, this has turned out to be one *helluva* weekend. (Policeman knocks on door, Michael answers)
elaine: Hey, if you saw me naked, I wouldn't want to ride back in the same car with you either.
elaine: How is he gonna pay off a thousand dollar fine?
elaine: There's Rachel.
elaine: Oh, thank you! (They drink) Mmm, Oh, thank you, Mr Lippman, I can't tell you how much I appreciate this. I mean, of course I deserve it.
elaine: You really oughtta do something about that cold.
elaine: I don't fool around, (banging on the table) baby!
elaine: They were, but they're being absorbed by Matsushimi, that big Japanese conglomerate.
elaine: They're signing the papers next week.
elaine: Yeah, they'll definitely do it now.
elaine: Yeah, it's gettin' serious, we're talking about moving in together.
elaine: Well, there's no telling what can happen from this.
elaine: Ah, George, you know, that woman just looked at you.
elaine: Go talk to her.
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (gasp) An accident? What happened?
elaine: Oh. Ok. Thank you.
elaine: Could I have a box of Jujyfruits?
elaine: (With her mouth full of Jujyfruit) Oh, that is so terrible. That is so terrible, Jake. I mean, how can people be so stupid? Just sickening.
elaine: You want one?
elaine: So when do you think you're gonna get outta here?
elaine: At the movies.
elaine: Yeah, he did.
elaine: Right after ... that ...
elaine: Well... the counter...was right there, and...
elaine: No, no, it does!
elaine: But...Jake...
elaine: But, Jake, I didn't...
elaine: Yeah, it got pretty nasty.
elaine: It's not like I went across the street. I bought the Jujyfruit and I got in a cab.
elaine: Because I got popcorn too, and I ate that first.
elaine: What's all this?
elaine: Oh yeah? How'd you do?
elaine: You always break even.
elaine: Do you have twenty bucks?
elaine: Just gimme twenty bucks.
elaine: Let's see if you get the twenty bucks back.
elaine: You know, things were going so good for me, you know, I got the job promotion, we were talking about moving in together -
elaine: Night.
elaine: (not wanting to believe it) Oh my God.
elaine: Ah, it's my ex-roommate, she moved out four years ago, I-I've been sub-letting my apartment from her.
elaine: Hi Tina.
elaine: So, I haven't seen you in a while.
elaine: Well, what is it?
elaine: Kicked out?! Why?!
elaine: Yeah? Like what?
elaine: Ah, I didn't know who he was!
elaine: What else?
elaine: What else have you got?
elaine: (on buzzer) It's me.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: How're things going? You wanna know how things are going? I'll tell you how things are going. I am getting kicked out of my apartment!
elaine: I don't know! They have a list of grievances.
elaine: Yeah, the jewel thief.
elaine: I put Canadian quarters in the washing machine. (disappointed) I gotta be out by the end of the month.
elaine: Was that the ... opposite ... of what you were going to say, or was that just your natural instinct? (She squeezes George's mouth between her fingers)
elaine: Stick ... with the opposite. (Slaps George on the forehead)
elaine: (noticing the forgotten handkerchief tries to stop call for Mr. Lippman with a mouth full of jujifruit) Oh, Mr. Lippman you forgot your handkerchief. Mr. Lippman, you forgot your handkerchief. It's on my desk.
elaine: I must've had at least eight in my mouth. I couldn't talk. I couldn't talk!
elaine: Because they're Jujyfruit. I like them. I didn't know it would start a chain reaction that would lead to the end of Pendant Publishing.
elaine: Do you know what's going on here? Can't you see what's happened? I've become George.
elaine: It's true. I'm George! I'm George!
elaine: Uh huh.
elaine: Oh, you want one?
elaine: I'll get it. (Reaches in her bag for money.)
elaine: Jerry!
elaine: Hey, just because I'm not working doesn't mean I haven't got any money. (To vendor) Yo! Dogs! Two!
elaine: Ooh, I gotta check my machine. I'm waiting to hear about an interview. Doubleday is looking for somebody to replace Jackie Onassis.
elaine: Yeah, she was an editor.
elaine: Yeah. Can you hold my seat? (Elaine gets up.)
elaine: Well, you know, grace is a tough one. I like to think I have a little grace...not as much as Jackie -
elaine: O.K., fine, I have...no grace.
"elaine: Well, I have no intention of ""getting"" grace."
elaine: Yeah, yeah, right.
elaine: Justin Pitt?
"elaine: ""Mrs. Onassis's""? That's hard to pronounce."
elaine: Nothing. (Mr. Pitt comes in with some papers in hand.)
elaine: I was a great admirer of Mrs. Onass-sis-sis-sis...
elaine: Well, a lot of people have brown eyes.
elaine: Grace?
elaine: You think Ihave grace?
elaine: Just some?
elaine: Yeah! And the best part is, I still get to look for work in publishing.
elaine: I attend to his personal affairs.
elaine: Well, like tomorrow for example, I have to uh...I have to buy him some socks.
elaine: Yeah. White ones. Like the ones you wear with sneakers.
elaine: So, what do you think?
elaine: You don't like them?
elaine: What's wrong?
elaine: Too tight?
elaine: Alright, well, I'll just take them back. (The phone rings.)
elaine: Sorry. Hello?
elaine: Jerry?
elaine: Really? When?
elaine: One second, hang on. (To Mr. Pitt) Excuse me, Mr. Pitt? Would it be alright if I got you the socks tomorrow?
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Well, it's just one more day.
elaine: Because I have to return the socks and get different ones.
elaine: I gotta go. (Hangs up.)
elaine: But what??
elaine: But that's why I got you the tighter ones! (Holds them up.)
elaine: What do you want!?
elaine: Yeah, uh, I'm looking for a Rollamech 1000 mechanical pencil.
elaine: No, I'm sure you do.
elaine: Well, it's for my boss.
elaine: Elaine.
elaine: It's just Elaine, like Cher. Ha ha ha
elaine: Uh, aw, KL5-239O.
elaine: Okay, (to Jerry) Move along. . .
elaine: I think he's got ideas.
elaine: Just call me when the new pen comes in, okay?
elaine: Hey hey
elaine: Hi.
"elaine: Oh, mine's ""Ike""."
elaine: Ah, no.
elaine: No, no. How about if you bring me back something?
elaine: Um, hum, I don't know.. . . A big salad?
elaine: They have big salads.
elaine: They have a big salad.
elaine: It's okay, you don't
elaine: Maybe I should just get married.
elaine: I know. You know, whenever I'm on a date I feel people can tell.
elaine: You can say that again.
elaine: Good for you.
elaine: Right on baby. (???)
elaine: Who Gendason?
elaine: Why is that name familiar?
elaine: Oh, how did you end up playing golf with him?
elaine: So what?
elaine: I still don't see what the big deal is.
elaine: I told ya'. He has ideas.
elaine: Or you.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: No problem.
elaine: Thank you, Julie.
elaine: I like Julie. She's very personable.
elaine: That's great George.
elaine: Yeah, A big salad. Very good. Actually it was too big. Ha ha ha Wht?
elaine: Even though what?
elaine: What? What are you trying to say, George?
elaine: You want the money for the big salad, George?
elaine: What is the problem?
elaine: It must be a mistake.
elaine: Perhaps there's more to him than meets the eye.
elaine: It's possible.
elaine: He's an enigma, a mystery wrapped in a riddle.
elaine: Ugh! You are kidding me.
elaine: I bought mine yesterday on 14th Street.
elaine: To please Mr. Pitt.
elaine: Uh, great!
elaine: Hi Julie.
elaine: Oh, well then I better get going otherwise George will make me buy him lunch to make up for that big salad he bought me yesterday.
elaine: It's just that my boss is very demanding and he needed the pencil right away.
elaine: No, no no I didn't know. I, I'm sorry.
elaine: Really? A fight with the foreman?
elaine: Well, again, I'm just awfully sorry.
elaine: Okay.
elaine: Well, ,I'm going out with the stationery store guy.
elaine: I felt so guilty about the pencil I couldn't say no.
elaine: Well, well, well, I'm not treating you to lunch ANYMORE! You had to tell Julie that I made a special point of telling you that I bought you the big salad. Didn't ya'.
elaine: Uh, uh.
elaine: She was hitting on you? My friend Noreen?
elaine: Are you sure you're not just flattering yourself?
elaine: I cannot believe that she was hitting on you.
elaine: I will. Besides, she's got a boyfriend, Jerry, you know him. Dan. Remember, we went to that party at his house?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Hello, darling.
elaine: Who's Kristin?
elaine: (dialing the phone) You know what I'm doing? I'm calling Noreen.
elaine: You sure you don't mind?
elaine: Hi, it's Elaine. Listen, I was just talking to Jerry.
elaine: Jerry Seinfeld.
elaine: You mean like like?
elaine: Noreen, were you hitting on him?
elaine: Ooh.
elaine: Uh oh.
elaine: Oh, I'm sorry Mr. Pitt. Hello?
elaine: Is this Noreen?
elaine: Well, listen, Jerry mentioned it, and, I don't know--
elaine: Noreen, are you crying?
elaine: Oh, hi Dan.
elaine: Tell Noreen I'll just call her back later.
elaine: No one. I'm sorry Mr. Pitt, that won't happen again.
elaine: Well, it's a long story, okay? But my stupid friend Jerry told my other friend Noreen that she was-- (noticing Mr. Pitt eating the candy bar with knife and fork and becoming distracted) You know, hitting on him and so I called her to see what was, uh, going on and I accidentally got her boyfriend, who is this, you know--
elaine: (entering and sitting down) I should never have made that phone call.
elaine: Yes, she's very upset.
elaine: I don't know, I never asked. She was yelling--
elaine: Jerry, her brother just had a book of political cartoons published.
elaine: So, yeah, that's funny. Hey, you wanna hear something weird? Mr. Pitt eats his Snickers bars with a knife and fork.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: What?
elaine: I'm really sorry, but you can see why I'd make a mistake like that.
elaine: Well, you know, because he's a high talker.
elaine: No. No, no, no, not a loud talker, a high talker.
elaine: You don't think his voice sounds a lot like yours?
elaine: Well, it's no big deal, you know, it's just that he can sound like a woman, you know?
elaine: Well, he looks like a man.
elaine: He's bald. I know that's a guy thing.
elaine: I know he belches a lot.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: What are you doing?
elaine: No, no, no, but why are you using a knife and a fork? Did you just
elaine: And now I think she might really be interested in you. And Dan is
elaine: Nana?
elaine: Missing?
elaine: Um, what does Nana sound like?
elaine: Well...
elaine: I don't know, maybe.
elaine: It's possible.
elaine: Wow. Isn't this little bunny giving you the-
elaine: You should show this to Georgie.
elaine: I just don't get it.
elaine: What is wrong with everybody?
elaine: (standing up) What is wrong with all you people?! Have you all gone mad?!!
elaine: (sarcastic) Don't worry, Jerry, I can manage these bags; really I'm fine.
elaine: Can we rest here a second.
elaine: Mmm! She's got a new boyfriend Paul.
elaine: No, but... he has... The Worst Habit. Whenever he answers the phone, he won't put Noreen right on. Ya have'ta go through, like, ten minutes of chit-chat.
elaine: Yeah! And he is so boring! But now, whenever he answers the phone I just hang up.
elaine: Oh, yeah, it is! Shall we say hello?
elaine: That man he's with is he wearing a cape?
elaine: Why is Mr. Costanza with a man in a cape?
elaine: Yeah, why a cape? Who wears a cape? Where do you even get a cape?
elaine: That sounds urgent...
elaine: Donna Chang?
elaine: Isn't that a little racist?
elaine: He's on with a Chinese woman.
elaine: You got a comfort problem there?
elaine: I thought you wore silk underwear.
elaine: (not charmed) That's nice. Listen, Kramer, you know, if you ever want to have kids you shouldn't wear briefs. Boxers are much better for your sperm count.
elaine: A lot!
elaine: With the Chinese woman?!
elaine: What, does that conflict with your regular schedule?
elaine: (going to the phone) All right. I'm gonna try Noreen again.
elaine: She's Chinese so you suggest Chinese food?
elaine: I thought Chinese don't eat Chinese...
elaine: (matter of fact) You can't get one ring past him.
elaine: Hey, George, we saw your father on the street before.
elaine: Well, he was with someone. A man... In a cape.
elaine: Hi Paul! It's Elaine calling! Yeah, I'm calling from a car phone so I don't really have time to talk. Is, is, uh, Noreen there?!... Oh. She's not?! (hurries to put phone down) Okay, great. Well you can just tell her I called, then, an'-- Well, yes. It has been unseasonably cool lately... Oh, okay, well, look I'm pulling up to the building now. So, I'm gonna... (a little later, Elaine is sitting and looking very bored) Yeah, I took 20% too... Um. Look it uh... (turns hair dryer on and off) Paul. The... car seems to be running out of gas so... I'm gonna... have to get off the phone. (hangs up)
elaine: She's not Chinese?
elaine: So. What is she?
elaine: (pause, annoyed) Oh, how disappointed you must have been. (walks to couch, with her cereal)
elaine: So then why are you seeing her again...
elaine: Listen, I spoke to Paul an' Noreen. They might be breakin' up.
elaine: Well, maybe.
elaine: (pause) What do you mean?
elaine: Whoa! Whoa!
elaine: Ay, divorced. That's really too bad...
elaine: Hey Georgie, did you have any idea that anything was wrong?
elaine: What?
elaine: No, Kramer. You don't understand. This could be my fault.
elaine: What? What?...
elaine: (backing away from Kramer) Eeaawww...
elaine: So you guys are tryin' to work it out! That's great!...
elaine: Oh, he went insane?...
elaine: (awkward, increasingly avoiding eye contact) Well. Uh. I don't know about sick. I mean, maybe it was somebody who, didn't wanna talk to whoever was answering because whoever was answering was always making boring chit-chat, an' was completely oblivious to the fact that the person who was calling, didn't want to speak to them, ah!
elaine: (looks at Noreen) I'm really sorry, Noreen...
elaine: Hey, Noreen, don't go by me! Ha ha.
elaine: (head in arms) I know--
elaine: Well... I got confused, they sound exactly the same.
elaine: (apologetically) I didn't know she'd take it so seriously.
elaine: Well, I guess I just didn't realize it...
elaine: (like a little girl) Okay...
elaine: She was lost...
elaine: Well, she didn't seem to be havin' so much fun...
elaine: If I have this much influence over her, why don't I just call her an' tell her to get back together with him--that's aalll!
elaine: (happy gasp) Oh.
elaine: (off camera) Huh.
elaine: Paul?
elaine: Kramer?
elaine: What are you doin' there?
elaine: (scoffs) Uh, is Noreen there?
elaine: (pause) Well... Can I talk to her?
elaine: (losing patience) Alright--would you just put her on?
elaine: YOU feel?
elaine: What, are you insane?!
elaine: Uh! Ho-ho. An' what are YOU gonna tell her?
elaine: (sighs) Kramer! You have GOT to let me talk to her!
elaine: Get the-- (Kramer puts phone down)
elaine: So, ever since she started dating Kramer, she won't even talk to me!
elaine: (pause) You know, everybody listens to the Chinese. I mean, look at the fortune cookie. You couldn't get away with that in any other restaurant.
elaine: (quietly) hu_uh, (pause) You know, everybody listens to the Chinese. I mean, look at the fortune cookie. You couldn't get away with that in any other restaurant.
elaine: Hey, what's going on?
elaine: New couch? Why?
elaine: Oh, let me get the door for you. (They carry the couch out the door.) Ooh, be careful!
elaine: What are you doing with your old couch?
elaine: Yeah, I'll take it.
elaine: Yes, they can. (Kramer enters.)
elaine: What was that again?
elaine: I heard Poppie's was good, let's go.
elaine: Ooh! I love duck. C'mon, c'mon!
elaine: Well, I don't know. I'll have to sit on it.
elaine: 'Kay. You, uh...you got room in the truck for me?
elaine: Oh, goody. Okay, well uh...(to Jerry and Kramer)...I'll see you chumps later. (Elaine and Carl exit.)
"elaine: So, he puts the couch down, and just as he's about to leave he says, ""Do you date moving men?"""
elaine: You wanna know what I said?
"elaine: ""I do now."""
elaine: Is that something?
elaine: Is that something?
elaine: Well, they're real men, Jerry. They get sweaty.
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Nice to meet you, Poppie.
elaine: Well, your mother must be very proud of you.
elaine: Boy, I'm really looking forward to this duck. I've never had food ordered in advance before.
elaine: Paccino's? Oh no. You should never order pizza from Paccino's.
elaine: Because, the owner contributes a lot of money to those fanatical, anti-abortion groups.
elaine: No way.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Well, I guess I wouldn't eat here, then.
elaine: Yeah. That's right.
elaine: Nothing.
elaine: What's wrong with him?
elaine: Yeah. You're right.
elaine: Do you know that I have been using the same bottle of shampoo for a year? And I shampoo every day. (Carl smiles.) So, what do you think of my conversation?
elaine: You don't have any furniture?
elaine: Well, I can understand that. Pretty good date, huh?
elaine: I'm in looove!
elaine: This is it, Jerry! This is it! He is such an incredible person! He's real, he's honest, he's unpretentious...oh, I'm really lucky!
elaine: No, I forgot. And, the best part is, he doesn't play games. You know? There are no games! (Sits down on the couch.)
elaine: Well, I'm sure he's pro-choice.
elaine: Because he, well...he's just so good-looking.
elaine: Hi. (They kiss.)
elaine: Oh, I missed you!
elaine: Me, either!
elaine: You do?
elaine: Oh yeah, all the time, all the time...although, recently I've been thinking about this friend of mine.
elaine: Oh, just this woman...she got impregnated by her troglodytic half-brother, and decided to have an abortion. (Waits in suspense for what Carl's response will be.)
elaine: Oh my god.
elaine: So, you're gonna get a new couch?
elaine: Do you want your old couch back?
elaine: Who's that?
elaine: No, no, he's not my boyfriend.
elaine: Take a guess.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Did you tell him it was peed on?
elaine: Yeah, me too.
elaine: Yeah. It is.
elaine: Can I offer you anything to drink?
elaine: What meeting?
elaine: Oh! (tries to take paper)
elaine: Yes?
elaine: All right! I'll use a pencil, Mr. Pitt.
elaine: Come in, come in!
elaine: Ah, right there, yeah.
elaine: Kramer, it's...
elaine: Kramer, Kramer, can you do this at home? I've got, I've got work to do, okay?
elaine: Okay, Kramer, that's enough. Mr. Pitt has got work to do.
elaine: Kramer, what's wrong?
elaine: Kramer, Kramer, are you okay?
elaine: (pointing at 3-D picture) Look, there's a spaceship! That is so cool!
elaine: (pointing) Right here.
elaine: No, no, unfocus.
elaine: (answering phone) Hello? Oh, yeah, okay fine. Uh, he'll be right down. (to Pitt) Car's here to pick you up and take you to the meeting.
elaine: Yeah, the Poland Creek merger?
elaine: How can I go?
elaine: Mr. Pitt, I do not think that is such a good idea.
"elaine: Ah. The ""stock swap"". Let's swap some stock. (giggles)"
elaine: All right. (standing up) Hey, you guys--what's the name of the new company gonna be?
"elaine: (making a face) ""Moland""?"
"elaine: Yeah, I know, but... ""Moland""? I wouldn't drink anything called ""Moland""."
elaine: Oh! Well, ah, what's in a name? I mean, water's water. Right?
elaine: Well, what did you think she was gonna do?
elaine: No, what?
elaine: What did you think, she was going to take some of that chalk and...
elaine: Oh, come on. One thing? One thing! What?
elaine: The balance beam?
elaine: (gasps in mock surprise) Not the pommel horse?
elaine: I dunno, at least three weeks.
elaine: Jerry, that is such small potatoes. I think that I may have single-handedly put the kibosh on the big water merger.
elaine: Yeah. Started a big name controversy.
"elaine: Well, I couldn't help it. ""Moland Spring""?"
elaine: Well, I'm so sorry! I-
elaine: Oh, sorry. (picks up phone) Hello?
elaine: (on phone) Oh, yes, yes I'll tell him. Yes, thank you. Um, um hold on. (to Pitt) Mr. Pitt!
elaine: Mr. Pitt! The board of directors is on the phone. They've called an emergency meeting. They want you to be there to discuss the merger!
elaine: (on phone) Yes, hi. Okay, fine, yeah, hold on just a second. Lemme just... (reaches into purse) Yeah, I've got it... (pulls out both hands completely covered in black ink) Oh! Oh! Yeah, yeah, he'll be there. (drops phone, rushes to Pitt) Mr. Pitt, you have GOT to stop staring at that poster!
elaine: (grabs poster, smashes it) No, you don't see it, and you're never going to see it! (grabs Pitt by the lapels, getting ink all over his jacket) Mr. Pitt, you have to meet with the shareholders, you have to leave now. Do you hear me? Do you hear me?!
elaine: In about twenty minutes.
elaine: Um, no.
elaine: Uh, Mr. Pitt...
elaine: Um, there's a just... (points at her own upper lip)
elaine: No?
elaine: Heyyyyyy (leaning in, very friendly and happy)
elaine: I went to England ... with Mr. Pitt, for 5 days.
elaine: Actually it was great. I met an Englishman, and we really, hit it off.
elaine: Yeah well Jerome, I, happen to be flying him in on my frequent flyer miles.
elaine: It's an open ended ticket. He can return any time he wants.
elaine: Hi. (she flips her hair)
elaine: O.K. Thanks.
elaine: An Armani suit?
elaine: So the trip was good?
elaine: You know I, I have to say, I've never admitted this to anyone, but um, I kind of like airline food. (leans in and laughs, flirting with him)
elaine: What?
elaine: Yeah, what?
elaine: What?
elaine: Huh. (muttering) This should be interesting.
elaine: Nothing.
elaine: What kind of soup did he get?
elaine: Consomm, hmm.
elaine: Well, that's not really a meal Jerry. I mean, if he had gotten, Chicken Gumbo, or Matzah Ball, even Mushroom Barley. Then I would agree with you. Those are very hardy soups.
elaine: What?
elaine: Was it a cup or a bowl?
elaine: Im just curious.
elaine: Did he crumble any crackers in it?
elaine: (reiterating the question) Did he crumble, any crackers in it?
elaine: Oh, well. Crackers in a bowl. That -- That could be a meal.
elaine: Oh, hi Simon. This is Jerry.
elaine: Um, yeah in my purse.
elaine: Where you going?
elaine: Oh, OK, see you later.
elaine: (English accent) Pardon?
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Oh, he'll be right up. He's just getting some beer. And Im not expecting ... any change. (leans forward as she brings her hands together in front of her, then sits on the couch)
elaine: About 2 days. Although he's hinting at how he'd like to stay. Fortunately he has no money, and no prospects. (she smiles)
elaine: Thanks
elaine: Hey, What are you doing out here?
elaine: Reggies? I can't eat anything there.
elaine: There's no Big Salad.
elaine: All right. Let's go, to Reggies.
elaine: Ahh ... wait till you hear this.
elaine: So Simon picks this woman up, right in front of me.
elaine: How bout a Big Salad?
elaine: (to George) Ya see?
elaine: It's a salad, only bigger, with lots of stuff in it.
elaine: Could you put it in a big bowl?
elaine: All right. Just give me a cup of decaf.
elaine: So, Simon is definitely going back now. He's meeting me here to return my keys.
elaine: Yes. He's one of those bounders.
elaine: AHhh. Thank you.
elaine: Ah (hu ha - small laugh)
elaine: When are you leaving?
elaine: (turns towards the lunch counter) Hey Kenny. You still want to get that suit back?
elaine: There it goes. (pointing at Simon walking out the door)
elaine: Was that Tim Whatley?
elaine: I have always had a big crush on Tim Whatley. Why can't he ask me out? (Punctuates this by shoving Jerry.)
elaine: Why?
elaine: Ohhh!
elaine: A LeBaron?
elaine: Jon Voight? The actor?
elaine: I've never even seen him in a car. I mean, look at his movies. No cars. Deliverance - canoe. Midnight Cowboy - boots. Runaway Train...runaway train. (Kramer enters.)
elaine: I like coffee.
elaine: Yes, Mr. Pitt?
elaine: No, I'm still working on it.
"elaine: Artie Shaw. ""Honeysuckle Jump."" (The song ends.)"
elaine: Oh, my father used have a huge collection of big band records.
elaine: Mr. Pitt, why would you want to hold onto the ropes on the Woody Woodpecker balloon?
elaine: Oh. Alright, I'll do the best I can. (Turns up the radio.)
elaine: Will you shut up? I can't hear!
"elaine: Oh! I've got it! It's ""Next Stop Pottersville""! (Grabs the phone to call it in.)"
elaine: So Jerome, I did a little snooping around for you.
elaine: Well, I talked to Tim Whatley...
"elaine: And I asked him, ""Should Jerry bring anything?"""
"elaine: Mmmm...and he said, ""Why would Jerry bring anything?"""
elaine: What?
"elaine: I think he emphasized ""would."""
elaine: Alright, that's enough of this.
elaine: I gotta go to the Dixieland Deli to pick up Mr. Pitt's security pass for the parade.
"elaine: He finds his laugh ""intoxicating."" (Laughs like Woody Woodpecker, and exits.)"
"elaine: Um, it was, uh...""Next Stop Pottersville."" (The group is unimpressed.) Uh, do you know when they're giving out the passes?"
elaine: What? I can't hear a word you're saying. I was stuck at the Dixieland Deli all day. My head is still ringing. Where's Tim?
elaine: What? I can't hear you.
elaine: I told you, I can't hear a word.
elaine: Tim.
elaine: What?
elaine: Ok, So Barneys is having this huge sale. I try this dress on -- (holds the garment bag out towards Jerry) -- Stunning. Stunning. I couldn't take my eyes off myself.
elaine: OK, so then I put it on at home. It looks like Im carrying twins.
elaine: Yeah exactly. Anyway I've got to go over there and return it.
elaine: All right Ill try it on again. You tell me what you think. (she turns and goes into the bedroom to change clothes)
elaine: Hey George
elaine: All Right! (throws arms down) You answered it right there.
elaine: I said, All Right.
"elaine: Why did I buy it, because in the mirror, at Barneys, I looked fabulous. This woman was just walking by said I looked like Demi (the ""i"" sounds like an ""e"") Moore in Indecent Proposal."
elaine: Wait a minute (claps hands) Wait a minute. I know what's going on here. Skinny Mirrors! (she pushes George and Jerry in their respective chests, with her arms extended -- one arm for each of them -- they recoil with surprise)
elaine: Skinny Mirrors! Barneys has Skinny Mirrors, they make you look, like, 10 pounds lighter.
elaine: Am I? (hands on hips) Do you think I would have bought this dress if I looked like this at Barneys?
elaine: Oh Im returning this dress to Barneys.
elaine: Yeah yeah, ok.
elaine: Moisturizer? That's girls stuff.
elaine: yeah.
elaine: Well we could ...
elaine: I cant believe they made the Wife the killer. (putting on gloves) Gimme a break.
elaine: How'd you manage that.
elaine: Where?
elaine: What would he be doing wearing your jacket?
elaine: Are you sure?
elaine: You are amazing.
elaine: These mirrors are skinny mirrors. This is false ... reflecting. And I think, that the department of ... you know, whatever, would be very interested to know what's going on here.
elaine: OK fine. (smiling) I did like that little Calvin Klein number right by the elevator. You know the little ... (motions in the direction of the elevator)
elaine: Ok thanks so much. (the Barneys sales associate turns and walks away. Elaine turns to Kramer as he admires himself in the mirror) What are you all dressed up for?
elaine: I like your little bag.
elaine: Huh.
elaine: Kramer, what are you doing here?
elaine: What?
elaine: So go buy a new one.
elaine: So.
elaine: Ouhhh (Kramer disappears back behind his wall as Elaine opens the dressing room door)
elaine: Yeah it looks good here, but what does that mean?
elaine: I don't know, I have to think about it. (the sales associate walks away) I need a nonpartisan mirror.
elaine: Oh, this is insanity. Im not this hippie. (meaning her hips are not that large)
elaine: Hey, what do you think of this?
elaine: This isn't going to work for me ... so if you could show me something else.
elaine: No?
elaine: I am?
elaine: Ha! That's preposterous.
elaine: No. You can wrap it. (Dejected. Elaine puts her head down and her hand to her forehead as she walks into the dressing room area) Kramer, are you still in there?
elaine: Jerry?
elaine: Donna, do you think you can get the salt stain out of this?
elaine: (Tilts her head down, looking over her glasses in amazement of
elaine: No, no This is all wrong. Where's the Chicken Cashew?
elaine: I didn't order any of this. I'm not paying for this.
elaine: What list?
elaine: MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU! Well, I guess we'll just go out.
elaine: Ned must have left it here.
elaine: HE reads everything, you know, Ned's very well read.
elaine: Communist? Don't you think he probably would have told me?
elaine: Yes, . . . yes he does dress a little drab.
elaine: Where's Lois?
elaine: Who's he?
elaine: Uh uh
elaine: What's that?
elaine: Oh, of course.
elaine: No.
elaine: Really?
elaine: Well what happened when you raced him again?
elaine: So now Duncan is back?
elaine: So how was work? Another day, another dollar?
elaine: Oh well nothing wrong with that. Gotta make those big bucks. . . . money money money money money money money . . . ha ha ha ha ah . . . are you a communist?
elaine: OH, AH! OH! WOW! WHOA! A COMMIE! Wow, gee, man it must be a bummer for you guys what with the fall of the soviet empire and everything .
elaine: Yeah, but come on . . .
elaine: Well, you had a good run, what was it 75, 80 years? Wreaking havoc, making everybody nervous.
elaine: Well, so enjoy yourself. (clink glasses) ha ha uh ha
elaine: Well, I'm dating a communist.
elaine: Yeah, that's pretty cool isn't it?
elaine: Oh, congratulations
elaine: Ilene.
elaine: Hello.
elaine: Yeah, yeah. Oh, this is Ned. He's a communist.
elaine: Yep . . . a big communist, a big big communist.
elaine: Bye bye
elaine: Hey, listen while we're here why don't we do a little shirt shopping?
elaine: Um. Kramer!
elaine: Hi, oh hi Mickey, this is Ned
elaine: You guys stay here, I'll be right back.
elaine: . . . shut up! (?)
elaine: Just because you're a communist, does that mean you can't wear anything nice? You look like Trotsky. It's gorgeous. Fine, you want to be a Communist, be a Communist. Can't you at least look like a successful Communist?
elaine: I'm going to order Chinese Food.
elaine: Ugh, does it have to be Hop Sing's. I kind of had a fight with him.
elaine: You're father was blacklisted?
elaine: Okay, okay. (phones) Um, yeah, hi, I'd like delivery please to 16 West 75th St. apartment 2G.
elaine: No. no, she doesn't live here anymore. This is someone else.
elaine: Why do you need the name? You already have the address.
elaine: Okay, okay, Ned Isakoff.
elaine: How do you feel?
elaine: No wait, I gotta go in here and pick up Mr. Pitt's tennis recquet.
elaine: He wanted to have it restrung. (to clerk) Here I need to pick that up
elaine: Oh, Hi.
elaine: Yes, yes, the one I didn't get. (they giggle)
elaine: Oh, I'm not very good.
elaine: Really? Grace?
elaine: Uh, no. Not really.
elaine: Newman plays tennis?
elaine: Uh, no ... take it.
elaine: Um, I could come by your office and pick it up tomorrow.
elaine: Thanks
elaine: What could I do? She said there might be something for me at Doubleday. Oh wouldn't that be great I wouldn't have to work for Mr. Pitt anymore.
elaine: Bye
elaine: Have you noticed she never laughs
elaine: Yeah
elaine: See, what did I tell ya?
elaine: Oo, I better call that woman at Doubleday and see when I can pick up Mr. Pitt's racquet.
elaine: (on phone)Hello, yeah, hi. Uh, is Miss. Landis there please. Wa? Oh, Gosh, ah ok, she'll be in later? OK, thank you. Uh. (to Jerry) This guy said she hurt her arm playing tennis. ... Pretty bad.
elaine: So you're concerned.
elaine: Babs?
elaine: Hello (sees Landis) Oh, my goodness. What happened?
elaine: Oh
elaine: Oh, you'll be playing ...
elaine: There are plenty of things you can do, there's chess and uh uh mah jong,
elaine: ... and biking and ..
elaine: ... hiking ...
elaine: (sees racquet) Could I ...
elaine: (sees racquet), You know it's not important I'm gonna, ok, well, you know. Take care of that condolitis
elaine: I told you I couldn't. The woman was crying about how she might never play tennis again
elaine: augh, he's got a big match tomorrow with Ethyl Kennedy
elaine: He'll only play with his racquet
elaine: That's stealing?
elaine: I know.
elaine: JERRY Hey
elaine: Ah, I'm ready what?
elaine: You found out Kramer's first name?
elaine: JERRY Cosmo?
elaine: JERRY Cosmo
elaine: Cosmo, Cosmo?
elaine: COSMO?
elaine: It's not such a bad name.
elaine: Uh, no, I'm OK.
elaine: Um, it's mine. Miss. Landis borrowed it.
elaine: No no no, I can. I can. It's mine. It's my racquet.
elaine: All right. I'm going I'm going
elaine: Give it give it ..
elaine: All right all right forget it. You don't have to mention any of this to Miss. Landis do you?
elaine: No, I got caught.
elaine: Her assistant caught me. And now I'm probably not going to get a job. He's going to tell Landis that I was sneakin around her office.
elaine: Meanwhile Mr. Pitt's got this match with Ethyl Kennedy this afternoon.
elaine: Hi Cosmo
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Hey. Oh, is that a label maker?
elaine: Love the Label Baby, baby. You know those things make great gifts, I just got one of those for Tim Whatley for Christmas.
elaine: Yeah. Who sent you that one?
elaine: Not, my Tim Whatley?
elaine: I think this is the same one I gave him. He recycled this gift. He's a regifter!
elaine: Yeah, perhaps.
"elaine: Um, he said, ""Oh. A label maker. Howbout that?"""
elaine: Yeah, so?
elaine: What do you mean?
elaine: I don't know, I guess I'll just get invited up to his apartment and see if he's got a label maker.
elaine: Oh, he did some dental work for me and he didn't charge me so I thought I'd get him a Christmas present.
elaine: Yes it is.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Aren't you gonna invite me upstairs?
elaine: I would love to go upstairs.
elaine: We'll see.
elaine: Hey, guess what? I'm going to the Super Bowl with Tim Whatley.
elaine: We went out for coffee last night and he offered me a ticket.
elaine: Ah, well.
elaine: It was totally out of the blue. We went upstairs to his apartment, you know, to look for the label maker.
elaine: No.
"elaine: I said, ""Do you wanna go upstairs?"""
elaine: What?
elaine: Why?
elaine: You mean just because I asked him to go upstairs, he thinks he's going downtown?
elaine: You're crazy.
elaine: As soon as we walked in, he got a call from one of his patients with an impacted molar or something so he had to leave. I didn't even get a chance to look for the label maker.
elaine: I've got a confession to make.
elaine: I've got Super Bowl fever.
elaine: So where are we staying?
elaine: Oh. Big room?
elaine: Downtown?
elaine: What do they have there, a couple of beds?
elaine: No, but don't you think there should be two beds? There's two of us.
elaine: Hello, Tim.
elaine: Don't worry, Tim. I didn't come by to yell at you, I didn't come by for that at all. I just came by to pick up my label maker. I gave you a label maker and now I would like to have it back.
elaine: But you gave me a ticket to the Super Bowl. Hand it over, Whatley.
elaine: You don't have the label maker, do you?
elaine: I knew it! You're a regifter!
elaine: What?
elaine: (visibly upset) Well, I bought it for you because you were so nice to me for not charging me for the dental work. The way you worked on my filling, you were so, so gentle and so caring and so sensitive.
elaine: Were you just talking about me?
elaine: Oh, the guy with cancer?
elaine: Egh, Jake Jarmel?
elaine: Why? You don't wear glasses.
elaine: Well, he's having a two day book signing at Waldens.
elaine: You know, we had a really bad break-up.
elaine: (upset) Yeah, the Jujy Fruits.
elaine: So he refused to tell you where he got the glasses?
elaine: Yeah, isn't that just like him? (she steps over Jerry's legs) You know, he has to be the only one who has 'em.
elaine: What? (she slams the door shut before Kramer can exit) You told Jake I said hi?
elaine: I can't believe you did that! Why did you tell him I said hi? I never said hi! (to Jerry) When did I say hi?
elaine: No, no. (stamps foot) Kramer, you don't understand. He made the last contact between us. I had the upper hand in the post-breakup relationship. If he thinks that I said hi, then I lose the upper hand.
elaine: Nowhere.
elaine: So what if I do? (heads for the door)
elaine: So you see, Kramer took it upon himself to say hi to you from me. When in fact it was an unauthorised hi.
elaine: That's what I'm saying.
elaine: Correct.
elaine: Correct.
elaine: Correct. (catches herself) What's that?
elaine: (takes the book from the guy and signs it herself) How can you say that I still like you, when I didn't even say hi to you?
elaine: Ah, Jake... (realises his logic) I, uh...
elaine: Anyway, I admit I was dumb to go to the bookstore to tell him I didn't say hi, but he didn't have to act so smug. Oh, I hate smugness. Don't you hate smugness?
elaine: (looking out of window) Oh my God. That man over there. I think he's wearing glasses that look just like Jake's. Pull over, stop the car. (hands money to cabbie as she exits) Here, here. I think I got a way of getting back at my ex-boyfriend.
elaine: (calling down street) 'Scuse me! 'Scuse me. (catches up to guy) Excuse me, sir. Sir?
elaine: Uh. Ah, if you don't mind my asking, could you tell me where you got your glasses?
elaine: Malaysia?
elaine: Uhm, look, I know this'll sound odd, but can I buy them from you?
elaine: (positive) Oh! (little chuckle)
elaine: C'mon.
elaine: Let's start the bidding.
elaine: Jake, Jake. Take a look. (puts on the frames she bought) Aaw, see, you're not the only one who has 'em. I have them too.
elaine: Malaysia. I was in the area.
elaine: Oh, Mr Lippman. (joins laughter) That is so exciting. I mean, you have no idea how sick I am of running around town looking for socks.
elaine: Oh really, you like 'em?
elaine: Well, you know what? (removes glasses)
elaine: (hands them over) You can have 'em.
elaine: No no no no. Go to that place on the corner, they'll change the prescription in an hour. Take 'em.
elaine: Yeah, I've no use for them anymore. Honestly.
elaine: They're from Malaysia.
elaine: (admiring gasp) Fabulous.
elaine: (mouths) 'Scuse me. Have to go (audible) look for some socks.
elaine: I know. I need a lesson.
elaine: Oh. My ballet tickets.
elaine: Hey, have you ever been to the ballet?
elaine: You know, I'm going as a beard.
elaine: Yeah. This friend of a friend knows this banker guy, he's, I don't know, 30 years, unbelievably gorgeous, of course he's gay.
elaine: So anyway his boss has a box at the Met and he invited us to see Swan Lake, which is fine, but he's afraid that his boss can't handle his orientation, so I'm going along as his date.
elaine: Swan Lake, at the Met.
elaine: Hey, is George still wearing that toupee?
elaine: Doesn't he know how ridiculous he looks in that thing?
elaine: Oh, come on.
elaine: You look ridiculous in that thing.
elaine: Well I think they might have sutured that thing to your brain.
elaine: Well by now, you think people would be a little more open minded.
elaine: Yes indeed.
elaine: Really. Why?
elaine: Well believe me this didn't happen overnight. Robert's not exactly a *one* *woman* *man*, if you know what I mean. No sirree Bob. Sure, I mean in a lot of ways, he's a typical guy, he likes his sports, but he counters that side with the side you see here tonight at the ballet, or the pleasure he gets in watching Ms. Liza Minelli belt out a few choice numbers. It's those two halves of his personality that just come together to make him the very special guy that he is.
elaine: Oh, hi honey.
elaine: Oh it was such a great night.
elaine: No, I was a fantastic beard. I held hands, I called him honey.
elaine: Oh it was such a great night. Oh.
elaine: Oh I did?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: He's incredible.
elaine: Yeah, I know.
elaine: What?
elaine: Well it did occur to me.
elaine: Why? Is it irrevocable?
elaine: We've got a good team.
elaine: Why can't he play for us?
elaine: We just got along *so* great.
elaine: No, no, no, I sensed something. I did sense something. I perceived a possibility Jerry.
elaine: I realize that.
elaine: Yes I am.
elaine: Melrose Place?
elaine: I just didn't know you watched that.
elaine: I mean every time I mention it you never say anything or join in the conversation.
elaine: You mean this whole time we could have been discussing Sydney and Michael and Jane...
elaine: Why? Why were you so embarrassed?
elaine: That is *so* stupid. Why don't you just confess?
elaine: So what are you going to do?
elaine: Oh, who do you think you are? Castanza?
elaine: Oh god this tastes terrible.
elaine: No.
elaine: No. I'm sick of shaking. You've got to shake everything.
elaine: So, I'm going out tonight with Robert and the boss and his wife.
elaine: Yeah, I think I might.
elaine: What do you mean bald?
elaine: Oh come on.
elaine: Well maybe she got a haircut or something.
elaine: Yeah, I've heard of that. I mean they usually wear a wig.
elaine: Do you see the irony here? You're rejecting somebody because they're bald.
elaine: (puts her hands up to her mouth) You're bald!
elaine: (shouting) I don't like this thing. And here's what I'm doing with it.
elaine: Well I figured that's what couples do.
elaine: Well it was easy. Really.
elaine: Oh, uh, wait a second. Would you like to come, upstairs?
elaine: Yeah. Upstairs?
elaine: I was hoping you know, that you might be interested in... changing teams?
elaine: Have you ever thought about it?
elaine: Robert, we need a shortstop. *Real bad*.
elaine: Hey, I did it.
elaine: I turned him. He defected.
elaine: Because I'm a *woman*. (swiveling her hips) Ba-ba-ba-boom-chicka-boom-chicka-boom-boom- boom.
elaine: Well it's a lesson for the kids out there. Anything's possible. Jeromy, I have *hit* the jackpot. The perfect man. Nothing but sex and shopping.
elaine: He went back.
elaine: Well here's the thing. Being a woman, I only really have access to the, uh... equipment, what, thirty, forty-five minutes a week. And that's on a good week. How can I be expected to have the same expertise as people who *own* this equipment, and have access to it twenty-four hours a day, their entire lives.
elaine: Yeah, I guess I never really stood a chance.
elaine: Yeah. (teary-eyed) Thanks. Is Melrose Place on?
elaine: Okay.
elaine: Hey George, I am *really* proud of you. I really do admire what you've done.
elaine: What is the matter?
elaine: I didn't ruin anything. He looked like an idiot. He did, and it made him act like a jerk.
elaine: (from a distance) Hey.
elaine: (to Wendy) Wendy, George. (to George) Wendy.
elaine: (warning) George.
elaine: Bye Wendy. I'm sorry.
elaine: (slapping George on the arm) What did you do that for?
elaine: (pinching George's arm) Ask about your arm.
elaine: She's a physical therapist. She doesn't want to have to deal with that outside of the office.
elaine: Because, it is what she does.
elaine: George, you got a little something, right here.
elaine: Why?
elaine: Huh, yeah, I know. It's not very flattering.
elaine: Oh, I could never say anything to her about that.
elaine: Yeah. Hah.
elaine: No. If you tell him to do it, he'll never do it.
elaine: (sharp intake of breath) Hoh. Yes, yes, you're right. That's right. I'll bring her over to meet...
elaine: (to Kramer) ...Kramer.
elaine: (to Jerry, indicating Kramer) Yeah. This is gonna work out just fine.
elaine: Wha... W.. Are you going home?
elaine: Uh, could you come back in about five minutes?
elaine: No reason. (big smile) Just wanna see you again.
elaine: Yeah, she'll be here any second.
elaine: Listen, Jerry. She never dates, and I know it's because of her hair.
elaine: Well, this is it. Shall I go get Kramer?
elaine: What is the big deal about putting your lips on somebody's face?
elaine: How 'bout an intercourse hello? How would that be?
elaine: (indicating) That's her. That's her.
elaine: Oh, you hear that? That must be Kramer.
elaine: Uh, Kramer. Kramer, I'd like you to meet my friend Wendy.
elaine: (hopeful) Oh, you were?
elaine: Kramer, if she wants to change her hair...
elaine: Oh, Kramer.
elaine: You wanna go out with him?
elaine: Well, it's just that... uh, I don't...
elaine: I'm just thinking about the question.
elaine: Hey Kramer, my friend Wendy wants to go out with you.
elaine: (laughs) Hee, hee, hee. Hee hee hee...
elaine: Nothing, nothing. (laughs out loud)
elaine: Why?
elaine: Oh, yeah, there's nothing better than skiing.
elaine: Ugh, the hell with 'em.
elaine: What're you stopping here for?
elaine: (pointing) Oh, no, I'm three more blocks.
elaine: Yeah, but it's only three blocks.
elaine: (unbuckling her seatbelt) Alright, well...
elaine: She'd driven me a hundred and twenty miles and, all of a sudden, three blocks from my door, she decides this trip is over. Isn't that strange?
"elaine: I've never heard of anything like this. I mean, it's almost as if I was hitch-hiking and she says ""Well, this is as far as I can take you."""
elaine: I had to carry my skis, and my boots and my poles. I think I pinched a nerve in my shoulder.
elaine: Yeah, alright, I gotta go.
elaine: (surprised) George!
elaine: (feeling her arm) Wendy, I injured my shoulder, Wednesday, when you dropped me off and I had to carry my skis, and my boots, and my poles and everything, all the way home. I'm, I'm having trouble lifting my arm. Do you think you could give me some treatment?
elaine: (shocked) Insurance? You're charging me?
elaine: Oh, huh huh, that is a good idea. C'mon George.
elaine: (pointedly) And you know, you might wanna do something about that hair.
elaine: Huh, I think it's a little old-fashioned. Don't you? (to receptionist) Uh, tell her.
elaine: Where've you been? We're gonna miss the movie, let's go.
elaine: What guy?
elaine: Six. But then the night doorman comes on. He's much scarier. (scary noise) Whugh! (laughs) Ha-ha.
elaine: (unhappy) I...
elaine: (accepting) Okay, okay.
elaine: Jerry, it's six. (claps her hands) Let's go.
elaine: No, don't...
elaine: (quietly) Give that to me.
elaine: (taking the phone) Hello Mr. Pitt. How's Scotland?
elaine: A party. Oh no, that was just my stupid friend Jerry.
elaine: Believe me, we're not entertained. We were just leaving. (to Jerry) Oh, can you grab those empty bottles for me.
elaine: Oh, well, Mr. Pitt, there's really nothing that can't wait. We're trying to catch a movie.
elaine: Alright. (to Jerry, upset) I can't go.
elaine: ...Uhm, the new Time magazine. The new People...
elaine: (to Jerry) What? What'd you say to the doorman?
elaine: (sitting beside Jerry) He claims that you followed him home, and started harassing him.
elaine: Hey, did you make the movie?
elaine: You wanna go tonight? You can pick me up.
elaine: Ugh. So now we have to rearrange our lives to avoid the doorman?
elaine: What is wrong with George?
elaine: I can't believe you left your post.
elaine: (to one of the tenants) Hey, what's up? What's going on here?
elaine: (quietly to Jerry) Jerry, let's get out of here.
elaine: What were you doing watching the door anyway?
elaine: (thinking) You know, my fingerprints are all over this. That doorman knows you're a friend of mine. He'll tell that co-op lady, she'll tell Mr. Pitt... Jerry, I'm in this too deep.
elaine: (taking command) Alright, shut up. Shut up. Just let me think. I gotta think. We gotta get our story straight.
elaine: Alright, (claps hands) here it is. This is what we'll tell 'em. You came to pick me up...
elaine: Yeah. That's what I just said.
elaine: Yeah, I know what you were just. It's not helping.
elaine: Okay, you came to pick me up at...
elaine: You see? Again.
elaine: Alright, you came right upstairs, without talking to the doorman.
elaine: (intense) So what? No-one's gonna believe a doorman!
elaine: (aggressive, with finger pointing) Just stick with the story. We'll be fine. Let me do the talking!
elaine: Good. Now fix me a drink.
elaine: Oh really? (skeptical) The doorman. And, pray tell, what did the doorman say?
elaine: (dismissive) Oh, my. Well, the doorman certainly has a wild imagination, doesn't he?
elaine: (in a rush) He never watched a door before, Mrs Payton, he didn't know how to do it. (pleading) You know, he's a comedian, Mrs Payton, they don't know how to do anything.
elaine: (desperate) Don't you see what's going on here? He set us up. He's playing all these mindgames.
elaine: (worked up) There was nothing I could do. He said he had a Federal Express slip with your signature on it.
elaine: Is it possible we were victims of a sting?
elaine: Anyway, Jerry... Jerry?
elaine: We have to replace the couch.
elaine: But it's got a pee-stain on it.
elaine: (not sure) I guess.
elaine: It's a beautiful couch.
elaine: Wha...?
"elaine: ""Oh! Okay. Right. Thanks Mr Pitt....'kay. ..goodbye."""
"elaine: (to Jerry) ""Hey ! You want to go see ""The Velvet Fog""."
"elaine: ""Yeah! Mel Torm, That's his nickname."""
"elaine: ""Do you wanna go or not?"""
"elaine: ""He's performing at this AMCA benefit."""
"elaine: ""Able Mentally Challenged Adults"""
"elaine: ""What are you..crazy?"""
"elaine: ""Well, what am I gonna do for a date.?...Oh! do you know that ..hemmm! blond guy who's always at the exercycle at the health club?"""
"elaine: ""Yeah yeah! He's really handsome with those..."""
"elaine: ""You can't find beauty in a man?"""
"elaine: ""He's smart...."""
"elaine: ""Penthouse?"""
"elaine: ""Hey! Hey! listen ... Do one of you guys know that ..that blond guy who's always on the exercycle at the health club. You know he's just really handsome?.."""
"elaine: ""You know that just admitting a man is handsome doesn't necessarily make you a homosexual."""
"elaine: ""All right, I'm gone"""
elaine: (We hear what she thinks) Look at me....Look at Mee!. Come on. I'm stretching right in front of you. Heeeey!! ...a smile. Aah! we made contact, all right one more stretch and then go talk to him.
"elaine: ""Aaaaaahhh! He is?!"""
"elaine: ""AAaaaaahhh! Really?""(giggles)"
"elaine: ""Oh! well I'd like, like to get to know him."""
"elaine: ""Ha...."""
"elaine: (as she comes in) ""What about the Velvet Fog?"""
"elaine: ""I'm going to that!"""
"elaine: ""What are you talking about?"""
"elaine: ""Yeah, yeah! Arnold DEENSFREI, he runs the AMCA """
"elaine: ""I know that but why are you going?"""
"elaine: ""What you do!!. You don't do anything."""
"elaine: (pointing at the shoes) ""What are those?"""
"elaine: ""He thinks you're mentally challenged."""
"elaine: ""Well ,what happens when you show up . He'll see that you're not.?"""
"elaine: ""....Maybe you were still under the gas.Maybe you were hallucinating you're coming out of the gas but you were still under the gas."""
"elaine: ""your shirt was out?"""
"elaine: ""Well, what kind of shirt was it.?"""
"elaine: ""Oh! Well ... You don't tuck those in?"""
"elaine: ""Well. Were you tucked?"""
"elaine: ""All right then say you were. I mean .. what do you think could have happened.?"""
"elaine: ""Ughhhh"""
"elaine: ""What are you gettin'?"""
"elaine: ""Okay...So you were violated by two people while you were under the gas. So What? You're single."""
"elaine: ""Join the club."""
"elaine: ""Oh yeah! Jimmy."""
"elaine: ""Ahum!"""
"elaine: ""Yeah!"""
"elaine: ""Why?"""
"elaine: ""How so?"""
"elaine: ""No No... That's not him. That's the guy who gave me... Jimmy's number."""
"elaine: ""I'm going to go see Mel Torm with him?"""
"elaine: ""Yes you did you said George likes spicy chicken.."
"elaine: ""Well.... (pointing at him) Jimmy!"""
"elaine: ""About tonight hum.. there's been a little misunderstanding."""
"elaine: ""Yeah. What happened was...."""
"elaine: (suddenly intrigued) ""You know, I've never heard anyone talk the way you do. It's very unusual."""
"elaine: ""Well anyway hum.... see when I made the date, I thought that Jimmy......"""
"elaine: ""Elaine once tried to convert one but Elaine's not going through that again."""
"elaine: ""Yeah!"""
"elaine: ""I don't care"""
"elaine: ""Hey Jimmy!!"""
"elaine: ""Elaine got a new dress."""
elaine: What is with him?
elaine: So, you know what? My friend Judy recommended me for a job at Viking Press.
elaine: Yeah! But get this. Viking has a deal with the Plaza Hotel, they got a two bedroom suite, there, for out-of-town clients...So guess what I did?
elaine: I know, I know Jerry.. but it's The Plazaaa... I've never stayed there .It'll be like a little vacation
elaine: ( laughs)Listen, I've used your parents address in Florida.
elaine: Hey. What's this.?.
elaine: What is it ..A drawing of Mr. Magoo
elaine: It is..
elaine: Sorry.
elaine: Tomorrow .
elaine: What?
elaine: Find out if likes you?. What, are you in High School?...George come on can't you just talk to her yourself?
elaine: Hey Paula!.. I hear you been going out with George Costanza?
elaine: Everybody knows. y'know George told me he thinks you're totally cute and everything.
elaine: Ha hum...Do you like George?
elaine: No I mean...Do you like him or do you like him like him?
elaine: (nods) HumHummmm....
elaine: Hi....???
elaine: Why do you have a bug guy?
elaine: Argh.. Fleas ( strikes the purse she just deposited on the couch) How did you get fleas?
elaine: No....Oh No....
elaine: No, No...
elaine: No, No...
elaine: No, No....Yesss!!!!!!
elaine: Well what about you. Where you gonna stay?
elaine: Hey!! I found out from Paula; She likes George. I'll bet he'll be relieved.
elaine: Yeah that's just some stuff about the company.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: She...likes you..
elaine: Ya!
elaine: Yep!
elaine: For nothing..
elaine: In fact she said that looks aren't even that important to her...
elaine: Ah Oh!!
elaine: Well..hum...let me rephrase that, She said....
elaine: Okay.. The point , George, is she likes you.
elaine: Judy .
elaine: Hi, Thank you so much for recommending me to Viking Press .
elaine: Manuscript?
elaine: Oooh!!
elaine: Yeah! hmmm..I gotta go..
elaine: (she leaves hurriedly) I gotta gooo...
elaine: Thank god I found you..
elaine: You still got that Fedex?
elaine: No I'll take my chances. Come on...( Grabs him by the coat and head back to his place)
elaine: Jerry , I need that Fedex right now..
elaine: Well, I didn't know that it was a manuscript that I had to read...
elaine: My manuscript?
elaine: Kramer You got go back in there grab my manuscript.
elaine: all right then, where is it??
elaine: I'm going in .
elaine: ( Heavy Panting) It's not on any table, Kramer. Where is it?
elaine: Okay... bathroom....kitchen.
elaine: (again pants) I couldn't find it anywhere. How did you get fleas anyway?
elaine: I 've looked everywhere , even under the couch but all I could find were the stupid Chunky wrappers. I couldn't....
elaine: Yeah!
elaine: Did you read the whole thing?
elaine: Huh . So What's it about?
elaine: unbridled enthusiasm...?
elaine: Oh! boy.
elaine: Oh! my God.
elaine: (to the waitress) can I have a scotch on the rocks.
elaine: (feeling sick) Yeah! go ahead.
elaine: What? What are you doin'? ( Kramer salting her food)
elaine: What are you talking about?
elaine: It's a story about love , deception ,greed , lust and.... unbridled enthusiasm .
elaine: Yeah!..tha..that's right. that That's what led to...(throath clearing) Billy Mumphrey's downfall.
elaine: Yes...Ye..Yes..That's right...You see ,Billy Mumphrey was a simple country boy. Some might say a cockeyed optimist, who got caught up in the dirty game of world diplomacy and International intrigue.
elaine: Yes, yes Mr. Mandel.
elaine: Mr Mandel, you don't understand ...my my friend had fleas. I ran into the gas, it could have killed me, and my, my other friend couldn't taste his peaches ,they only good for two weeks.
elaine: Okay...Good day..
elaine: ( knocks) Hello is anybody here?..
elaine: Oh! my God.
elaine: Yeah. What, is it a problem?
elaine: Well, I guess he figured you just wouldn't care. It *has* been a few years.
elaine: Oh, god.
elaine: Oh, yeah. Right, right. Well, all those mechanics do is work all day with their hands and their *big*, *muscular* arms on machines, and then they come home dripping with animal sexuality like Stanley Kowalski. What a huge turn-off that is.
elaine: Fine.
elaine: No.
elaine: No, nothing.
elaine: I was with David *Putty* last night.
elaine: He did the move.
elaine: You know...*the* move.
elaine: Yes, yes.
elaine: Jerry! There is no confusing *that* move with any other move.
elaine: What else did you tell (reaches over to slap Jerry) him. (does it again) The two of you must have had *quite* a little chat!
elaine: Because of all the pistons and the lube jobs?
elaine: Well, wait---wait a second.
elaine: Isn't that a little...rash?
elaine: Yeah, but...*I* like the move.
elaine: Well, he doesn't even do it exactly the same. He--he--he uses a pinch at the end instead of the *swirl*!
elaine: You know, it's strange, because he's such an honest mechanic.
elaine: Oh, god! Oh, god, Dave! Oh, yes! Yes!
elaine: What?!!
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh, oh, come on, please?
elaine: Oh, so---so that's it?
elaine: Yeah, yeah, hello.
elaine: Yes! As a matter of fact! David Putty won't do the move anymore.
elaine: Oh, he's come up with some other move. You should see this thing.
elaine: Oh, it's a lot of just fancy-shmancy stuff. You know what it's like? It's like a big budget movie with a story that goes *nowhere*.
elaine: I mean, this move is no good, Jerry. It's just taking up a lot of my time. And I...will not stand by and allow him to perform this move on me, when a perfectly good move is just sitting in the barn doing nothing!
elaine: Yes. As a matter of fact, there is.
elaine: I'm not surprised.
elaine: Why?
elaine: An estimate? How am I supposed to do that?
elaine: (takes the work order and points to the Fusilli Jerry sitting on the table) What? What is this?
elaine: Fusilli Jerry?
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Hey, let me ask you a question.
elaine: What do you charge for blown shocks?
elaine: Two, three hundred?
elaine: Ah.
elaine: What about a bad gasket?
elaine: Yeah. Like a terrible gasket.
elaine: Nothing, nothing. I'm just taking an interest in what you...do.
elaine: Oh...any kind of---of a Swedish car.
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Is that with the parts and labor?
elaine: Hmm.
elaine: Oh, no. No, David. No, please. Not the knuckle....
elaine: So what are you going to do?
elaine: Oh! You mean you don't care if he does the move anymore?
elaine: Me either.
elaine: Is that the supermodel?
elaine: I thought you had a show in Ithaca.
elaine: Well, guess what I'm doing. I'm going to Mr. Pitt's, and I am telling him that I am quitting.
elaine: I've had enough. I am marchin' in.
elaine: I'm marchin'. (Enter George)
elaine: I'm marchin' in.
elaine: This is it. Wish me luck.
elaine: Mr. Pitt, I have something to tell you.
elaine: Mr. Pitt...
elaine: What?
elaine: (Flattered) Mr. Pitt...
elaine: Oh no no, Mr. Pitt, you mustn't. You have to check with the pharmacy before you combine anything with your heart medicine,
elaine: We don't want anything to happen to you Mr. Pitt. We want you to live a long, long time.
elaine: Oh my God.
elaine: Well, he gave me the morning off, I was doing a little... shopping. How did this happen?
elaine: Mr. Pitt, you were s'posed to talk with the pharmacist.
elaine: I'm gonna go and call that pharmacist. (She exits)
elaine: Mr. Pitt, do you need anything?
elaine: You need something to sit up. Why don't I get you a pillow?
elaine: Hello?
elaine: That's at the airport, right?
elaine: All right, all right. You sound a little freaked out yourself.
elaine: Calm down, I'll take care of it. (Ms. Walker looks suspicious of Elaine)
elaine: I said I'll take care of it!
elaine: Kramer.
elaine: Jerry asked me to meet his girlfriend here. Did you here about his plane in Ithaca?
elaine: Oh, our stupid friend freaked out the pilot. Single handedly delayed the plane a whole hour. Can you believe that?
elaine: Uh huh.
elaine: Poison you? Jerry Seinfeld tried to poison you? Wha? Mr. Pitt, what are you, delirious? He's never even met you!
elaine: Goodbye? (Elaine thinks of memories with Mr. Pitt)
elaine: (to the busboy) Oh, thanks very much, the soup was really good.
elaine: What?
elaine: Yeah, why? Wouldn't he want the soup to be good?
elaine: Hey, isn't that Alec Berg?
elaine: I can't stand him, he is so pretentious.
elaine: No, Alec Berg.
elaine: Hi!
elaine: Thank you very much.
elaine: Who?
elaine: I will never understand people.
elaine: What's it?
elaine: Siena?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Softer.
elaine: Sheets.
elaine: Colors.
elaine: What, you never said it?
elaine: Oh hey, can I bring David Puddy? He's a big Devils' fan.
elaine: So how long have you been a Devils' fan?
elaine: Yeah? Well, we're gonna kick your butts tonight.
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Alright, you almost ready? Cause Jerry and Kramer are gonna be here any second.
elaine: What the--
elaine: What is that?
elaine: (still in disbelief) You painted your face?
elaine: Why?
elaine: Well, you can't walk around like that.
elaine: Because it's insane?
elaine: Dave, um, painted his face.
elaine: Will you sit down? You're disturbing everybody. Sit down!
elaine: That poor priest. He was just visiting from El Salvador. Now he's gone completely loco.
elaine: Yeah. He thinks he saw the devil. He won't leave his room in the church basement.
elaine: I mean, what compels a seemingly normal human being to do something like that?
elaine: You know I really hate my clothes.
elaine: I open up my closet, there's just nothing.
elaine: Nothing. I hate everything I have, I really hate it. (The weeping increases in volume and intensity) I mean, at this point, it's like I can wear something three or four times and that's it.
elaine: It's getting to be a terrible problem for me.
elaine: No, it's from the store.
elaine: David? David, I think we aught to talk.
elaine: David, I don't think we should see each other anymore.
elaine: Well, you see, David, you're a face painter.
elaine: Well, it's not that I don't like you, but, well to be perfectly honest, I'm just having some trouble getting past the face painting.
elaine: Yeah, but you like the face painting.
elaine: Oh. You mean you'd stop it for me?
elaine: That's so, that's so sweet.
elaine: What is that?
elaine: Why is the letter 'D' painted on your chest?
elaine: But you said no more painting.
elaine: Yeah, that's right.
elaine: Hello father.
elaine: I know I know. I didn't have change for the bus and they don't give change in this city. So they threw me off the bus
elaine: How long do you think this will take. I have a millllioooon things to do.
elaine: What?, uh?
elaine: What is so funny?
elaine: The Korean women were talking about me. I think they were calling me a dog.
elaine: Because this woman came in with a dog and Ruby called the dog the same word they used when they were pointing at mege ge ge
elaine: Because they're the best Jerry, the best. Look. Maybe I'm just being paranoid.
elaine: Yeah, who speaks Korean?
elaine: No, who?
elaine: You gotta' be kidding me. How does he speak Korean?
elaine: What did he do?
elaine: Uh,
elaine: Anyway, Mr. Costanza, what I want you to do is to come to the shop with me and tell me what they are saying. You do speak Korean?
elaine: uh, ha.
elaine: Yeah, yeah. Uh, uh listen Mr. Costanza, if uh, if you do this for me I'll get you a manicure, I'll pay for it. Or you can get a pedicure if you want.
elaine: Uh, Mr. Costanza, I
elaine: Mr. Costanza, I,
elaine: Hi everyone. Um, this is my friend, Frank.
elaine: What'd they say? What'd they say?
elaine: (sob sob) (bumps into man with an umbrella)  I don't even know where I'm going.
elaine: yes, (sob) I suppose,
elaine: Yes, (sob) you see this (sob) woman, this manicurist,
elaine: Uh, (sob) thanks.
elaine: How do you know all that?
elaine: You mean..?
elaine: Oh!
elaine: Oh, that's not too expensive.
elaine: Oh, this innocent looking shirt has something which isn't innocent at all. Touchability! Heavy, silky Italian cotton, with a fine almost terrycloth like feeling. Five button placket, relaxed fit, innocence and mayhem at once.
elaine: Hello
elaine: You're welcome.
elaine: Well I felt bad about the spying, so you know, ,I got them tickets to the show.
elaine: Wait, wait. I didn't get to tell you about my new job.
elaine: Writing for the J. Peterman catalogue.
elaine: I met him.
elaine: yeah.
elaine: He wore a classic courtman's duster. beige corduroy collar, 100% cotton canvas, high waist, nine pockets, six on the outside, great for running along side a train, (Jerry walking away) waving last goodbyes, posing on a veranda, Men's sizes ...
elaine: . . . Small, Medium, Large, XL, Double...
elaine: Oh, she got hurt.
elaine: I, uh, wait,
elaine: Shut up! Shut up! You stupid mutt.
elaine: Three hours of sleep again last night.. Three hours of sleep because of that dog.
elaine: This dog in the courtyard across from my bedroom window that never never stops barking..
elaine: I lost my voice screaming at this thing. I can't sleep. I can't work. I mean, I just moved. I can't move again. What am I gonna do? What? What am I gonna do?
elaine: What? KRAMER, I'll do anything.
elaine: Uh-huh.
elaine: I don't really know why I'm here. Kramer talked me into coming up here. But, obviously, I could never really do anything.
elaine: Uh, so, anyway, I'm sorry for wasting your time.
elaine: Um, I don't know. I've never really seen it.
elaine: Yeah. Well um, I was just curious if I were interested in availing myself of your services, um, what exactly would you do?
elaine: No, I'm sorry. I can't hurt a dog. I can't hurt a dog. I can't.
elaine: I'd have to think about it. I doubt it, though. I doubt it. I'll let you know.
elaine: All right. Let's do it.
elaine: That's it. That's it. Stop right here.
elaine: What? What do you need a rope for?
elaine: I don't know. Now, I'm thinking maybe we shouldn't do this.
elaine: KRAMER, are we doing a bad thing?
elaine: Yeah. That's him.
elaine: What time you got?
elaine: What do you do?
elaine: How close do you get?
elaine: Tsk. Well, I can guess within the hour, and I don't even have to look at the sun.
elaine: Well, what about at night? What do you do then?
elaine: Where is it? Where is it? This? This is the dog?
elaine: But he's so small.
elaine: That can't be the dog. Are you sure you got the right one?
elaine: How could that be the dog?
elaine: Yeah. Yeah. I'll know if he barks.
elaine: Bark.
elaine: You think we're far enough.
elaine: No! No! It's impossible. It's impossible.
elaine: I don't know. I don't know how it happened. We were practically in Monticello. I mean, how could that thing have found its way back? There's no way.
elaine: I know.
elaine: Oh, I can't Jerry. 4I'm sworn to secrecy.
elaine: News? What news?
elaine: What? What?
elaine: Oh, come on, Jerry. Please, please, please, please, please!
elaine: Yeah?
elaine: Get out!
elaine: I gotta make some changes. I'm not a woman. I'm a child. What kind of life is this?
elaine: Hey, good news. My dog problem has been solved.
elaine: Well, there's this rabbi in my building. You've met him. Very nice man.
elaine: Yea, yeah, yeah,. So I spoke to him about the dog. He went down. Talked to the owner. She agr4eed to keep the dog inside from now on.
elaine: I know.
elaine: He's in.
elaine: What's to discuss?
elaine: Is he happy?
elaine: Well, that's all that counts, I guess.
elaine: Oh, nothin'.
elaine: Well, what do you want me to do?
elaine: Well, I don't.
elaine: Oh, what? You think I wanna marry George?
elaine: Oh, please! That is the last thing that I want.
elaine: Yeah, right.
elaine: Jerry!
elaine: Yeah, that's right. I don't wanna get married.
elaine: Oh, you come on.
elaine: Oh, dear.
elaine: Well, I could care less. I hope it is on our record. I'm just sorry they didn't lock me up.
elaine: Oh, hello, Rabbi Krischma.
elaine: Thanks again for taking care of that dog for us.
elaine: Yeah, I suppose.
elaine: No, Rabbi, I'm not myself.
elaine: I'm not a very religious person but I do feel as if I'm in need of some guidance here.
elaine: Thank you I am not very hungry. Anyway, um, this friend of mine, George, got engaged .
elaine: Yeah, yeah, well, for some reason, um, I just find myself just overcome with feelings of jealousy and resentment.
elaine: No, no, no it doesn't. No joy no joy whatsoever. Just the whole think makes me . . sick.
elaine: Yeah, I don't know what that means.
elaine: You see the thing is we It should have been me. You know, I'm smart. I'm attractive.
elaine: No, no, it's okay.
elaine: I don't think so.
elaine: I've got that magazine article for you.
elaine: Are you
elaine: Yeah, talked earlier.
elaine: . . . What does that mean?
elaine: He didn't mention . . .
elaine: He told you about our conversation?
elaine: He told you about . . .
elaine: He told you all that? How could he?
elaine: Can he do that?
elaine: But he's a Rabbi! How can a Rabbi have such a big mouth?
elaine: Yeah
elaine: No, no. Listen, Rabbi, I'd like to ask you a question. Why, why did you tell my friend Jerry what I talked to you about?
elaine: Of course it was a problem for me. . . . You didn't, you didn't tell anyone else about this, did you?
elaine: Mrs. Winston?
elaine: What about Don Ramsey? You didn't mention anything to him did you?
elaine: You know that tall really good looking guy, he lives on the fifth floor.
elaine: my god, you didn't.
elaine: But the whole thing is a mess. He told everyone in the building. I met that cute guy on the fifth floor. I mean he could barely bring himself to nod.
elaine: You didn't say this to George, did you?
elaine: Yeah that! So, . . .
elaine: GEORGIE! CONGRATULATIONS! Oh, my god. I haven't seen you since it happened. I'm so happy for you.
elaine: Oh, come on. You really, really deserve it.
elaine: Are you kidding? I have seen the changes in you the past couple of years. Man, you have grown. You've matured.
elaine: Oh! Well, I just think it's wonderful. Honestly! I've gotta run, but um, please, please give my best to Susan.
elaine: My most, just heartfelt congratulations.
elaine: Yes! Yes, yes. Sure.
elaine: Yes. Yes, yes. Yes.
elaine: I'm really sorry George, I, I, I wasn't jealous of you. It was just the whole marriage thing.
"elaine: I don't know where the rabbi got that. Ya know I never said that. I said ""I've never seen you looser""."
elaine: What kind of shopping?
elaine: Where are you going?
elaine: Oh that's a nice store.
elaine: Nothing.
elaine: Literally nothing. I sat in a chair and I stared.
elaine: I told ya.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: That's despicable. How does he know how all coffee drinkers will vote? I'm a coffee drinker. If I was on that jury I wouldn't give you a nickel Kramer.
elaine: What I mean who ever heard of this anyway? Suing a company because there coffee is too hot? Coffee is supposed to be hot.
elaine: (Mocking) Jackie says the top was faulty.
elaine: Hello.
elaine: I might be Elaine.
elaine: Oh, Maestro.
elaine: Enchante.
elaine: Jinx buy me a coke.
elaine: I know I know. That is so ahh ......
elaine: Yeah, thanks. O.K. Bye you guys.
elaine: Uh ha.
elaine: Oh God. What are you getting Bob?
elaine: Excuse me?
elaine: Yeah, so?
elaine: Well, I mean don't you think that he was probably called Maestro while he was conducting, not in social situations. I mean his friends probably just called him Lenny.
elaine: Maestro huh? O.K. (laughing)
elaine: Yeah, he's very interesting. Did you know that Mozart died while he was writing 'The Requiem'.
elaine: Really?
elaine: Yeah, I called him Maestro.
elaine: Well, I did at first, but actually I kind of got used to it.
"elaine: I am not calling you ""Jerry the Great""."
elaine: He is a Maestro.
elaine: So you say.
elaine: Yeah. (bragging) I'm invited.
elaine: Why?
elaine: Yeah, well maybe there aren't any houses to rent there.
elaine: Hey. Hi Maestro.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: It's BOOKED Jerry!
elaine: (Passionately) Oh Bob! Bob!
elaine: (Correcting herself) Maestro!
elaine: It's been a rough couple of weeks, ya know I really needed to get away.
elaine: You're right Maestro.
elaine: Hello
elaine: Oh, god. OH, I could use a few more hours sleep.
elaine: I wish.
elaine: Really? Thank you., wake up service . . . person.
elaine: Oh, all right, James. He he he
elaine: Yeah, I've never seen him but I feel like we have this weirdly intimate relationship. I mean, I'm lying in bed, I'm wearing my nightie,
elaine: What? You're going to go out with my cousin Holly. You've never met her.
elaine: At least I've spoken to my guy. You're going out on a deaf date.
elaine: Ah, . . .
elaine: Uh hu.
elaine: I think she'd figure it out.
elaine: What? What is this?
elaine: Veggie sandwich and a grapefruit? What are you turning into?
elaine: I'm not worried. It sounds like he's really good looking.
elaine: I think I can tell.
elaine: Twenty-five percent.
elaine: You're way off.
elaine: So what you are saying is that 90 to 95 percent of the population is undateable?
elaine: Then how are all these people getting together?
elaine: (to George who is winking) What is your problem?
elaine: You keep winking at me. That's really obnoxious.
elaine: Right there. Right there. You just did it again.
elaine: You're eye still hurts?
elaine: What did he think, you were flirtin' with him?
elaine: Hello.
elaine: James! Ah, ha, Hello! Phew!
elaine: Oh, uh, ha, you've got dogs?
elaine: (mind's voice from -  ) SHUT UP! YOU STUPID LITTLE MUT !
elaine: Dogs. Oh I love dogs.
elaine: I just don't understand it as soon as I met these dogs they started growling at me.
elaine: Huh huh.
elaine: Uh, kind of.
elaine: I mean, she thought it was kind of strange to just order a salad. . . . You know. . . . For a man.
elaine: You got that right.
elaine: Um uh.
elaine: I don't know. But I'm sure it had, . . . parents. Call her up. She won't mind if you come.
elaine: Such a lovely table setting. Oh, wear did you get these napkins?
elaine: Oh, I don't remember them.
elaine: Special occassions? It wasn't special when my family visited?
elaine: What about this candelabra?
elaine: What did you do, ransack the place after she died?
elaine: I'm getting out of here. Can I borrow your jacket?
elaine: It's cold out, and I didn't bring my own. Jerry! God forbid I should borrow one from Holly. It might have belonged to grandma Memma. Thanks for mutton.
elaine: Down boy, nice doggy . I'm a nice person. Don't believe what you hear.
elaine: Down doggy . oh oh a a a a a
elaine: Did you do with the dogs?
elaine: These dogs were chasing me. And no cab would stop and I had to get off the street. Then I remembered that you lived here.
elaine: They just don't like me. It's a long story. I can tell you one day but I can't tell you right now.
elaine: We'll have to sleep head to toe.
elaine: Head to toe.
elaine: Hey, wake up. It's 830 you were supposed to walk me up at 715.
elaine: You're a wake up guy. Don't you have calls to make?
elaine: Nah, he was tired. He had some feet in his face. My cousin Holly is completely insane. She keeps calling and accusing me of stealing her napkins.
elaine: I mean, why? Why would I take her stupid napkins.
elaine: They were?
elaine: Spit it out? I had dogs chasing me for that mutton. I was almost mauled because of that mutton.
elaine: Oh, I must have left it at Jame's
elaine: Yeah but we reversed positions so there was no funny business.
elaine: Yeah, you know, head to toe.
elaine: No, because I slept with my back to him.
elaine: You know something really stinks to high h Holly! What are you doing here?
elaine: I'm uh, I'm meeting James here. He's bringing over your jacket.
elaine: I didn't take your napkins.
elaine: Ask Jerry.
elaine: Uh, this is,
elaine: Yeah. What do you do all day?
elaine: uh-uh.
elaine: Yeah, you do! He looks very busy!
elaine: (laughs)
elaine: No. I'm completely blocked! In fact, I'm gonna work on it tonight. Oh. Oh no! Oh, I can't! I got that marathon runner coming in tonight.
elaine: You know, this guy Jean-Paul, Jean-Paul... I met him when I was working at Pendant, editing a book on running...
elaine: Yeah, that's him.
elaine: Yeah, he's Trinidadian and...Tobagan. (laughs)
elaine: Ah, I know. I know...!
elaine: Yeah, well, he was pretty devastated. This is his first race in 3 years.
elaine: What responsibility? I don't have any responsibility.
elaine: Eh...he'll get up...
elaine: Hi, Judy.
elaine: Fine. (laughs)
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (whispering) She's not... and the guy just took off. (makes a sad face) Don't say anything to anybody.
elaine: I know, it's just something you have to say...
elaine: Jerry. Jerry, this is Jean-Paul.
elaine: Listen, listen I'm gonna go call work to see if I can get my deadline extended. I can't...come up with anything for this thing.
elaine: Yeah, that's funny. (annoyed)
elaine: Jerry...
elaine: I've got an alarm, ok?
elaine: It works.
elaine: It... works!
elaine: Hey. Sorry I'm late.
elaine: I got held up. Do you mind if I heat this muffin up?
elaine: What? (Elaine puts her muffin in the microwave and sets the timer) What is the problem?
elaine: uh-uh. uh-uh. And this all means uh...what?
elaine: Oh are you?!
elaine: Hey, I'm not running in the marathon! He is!
elaine: Yeah, I got enough to think about just tryin' to come up with some load o'crap for that Himalayan walking shoe! I mean, I've given him a place to stay, I'll set an alarm, but I'm not gonna turn my life completely upside down for this guy!
elaine: Hey, Jean-Paul.
elaine: Oh! (rushing to the microwave) My muffin! (opens microwave door) Oh, shoot! (slams it)
elaine: Oh I don't know. I set this thing for 20 seconds.
elaine: (pointing at Jerry) Don't say anything! Don't..say..anything!
elaine: (leaning against the refrigerator) Jean-Paul, it's not my microwave, ok? Ok? All right, listen, let's just go. Come on, Jean-Paul, let's go. Let's go.
elaine: (to Jerry) All right. We'll see you at the race, ok?
elaine: Oh that's cute! (closes door and exits with Jean-Paul)
elaine: (thinking and typing) It was a cold winter's night in Timbuktu... (hits the keyboard) Oh! This stinks! (grabs a Himalayan walking shoe and starts squeezing it for inspiration) Oh, come on... come on...!...God! (quits)
elaine: Jean-Paul? (searching everywhere) Hey Jean-Paul? Jean-Paul? (worried) Jean-Paul?! Oh man... (calling Jerry's) Oh...machine.
elaine: Jerry, Jerry, Jean-Paul's missing! He's alone in the city! Call me back. (hangs up)
elaine: Judy, hi, listen...
elaine: Oh I didn't tell anyone.
elaine: ... Jerry! (runs angry to her apartment)
elaine: Ohhh, I'm exhausted. I've been on this street a thousand times! It's never looked so strange! The faces...so cold! In the distance, a child is crying. Fatherless...a bastard child, perhaps. My back aches...my heart aches...but my feet (stops to look at her feet) ...my feet are resilient! (a big smile grows in her face, as she thinks...) Thank God I took off my heels, and put on my... HIMALAYAN WALKING SHOES!!! (lifting her arms up in the air, in ecstasy, as she says...) Yes!
elaine: Then how did she find out, Jerry?!
elaine: Oh no, thank you.
elaine: There's Jean-Paul! He's up front! He's leading! (jumping) Go Jean-Paul!(starts screaming)
elaine: Go Jean-Paaaaaul!
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Hi Sheila.
elaine: Okay. We ready to go?
elaine: Boy, I'm in the mood for a cheeseburger.
elaine: What soup place?
elaine: Stunned by soup?
elaine: Huh. All right. Come on.
elaine: Why? What happens if you don't order right?
elaine: What?
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh, boy, I'm really scared!
elaine: All right. Jerry, that's enough now about the Soup Nazi. Whoa! Wow! Look at this. You know what this is? This is an antique armoire. Wow! It's French. Armoire.
elaine: How much is this?
elaine: Huh? Ha. 200. You know, I've always wanted one of these things.
elaine: Yeah. All right. You guys go ahead.
elaine: I'm getting an armoire, Jerry.
elaine: What do you mean I can't bring in here? I live here.
elaine: But I didn't know, Tom. I g -- can't you just make an exception? Please. I've got a nice face.
elaine: Ohh! Well, you're just gonna have to hold this for me.
elaine: Oh, no...please don't go. Please - please don't walk away.
elaine: Oh, Kramer! Thank God. I really appreciate you doing this.
elaine: Do you need anything?
elaine: Mulligatawny?
elaine: Oh! Who? The Soup Nazi?
elaine: All right. I'll be back.
elaine: Oh, no. No. No. No. I got it.
elaine: Hey, I got it. Hey. Didn't you already get soup?
elaine: Why? What happened?
elaine: [laughing]
elaine: Yeah. No. Listen, George, I am quite certain I'm walking out of there with a bowl of soup.
elaine: Oh, I know! It is awful!
elaine: I don't know.
elaine: Ohh!
elaine: Ohh! Stop it! I know.
elaine: Ugh!
elaine: You know, we should say something.
elaine: I mean, why does he do that? Doesn't he know what a huge turnoff that is?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: No. Me neither.
elaine: Oh, God!
elaine: Hi there. Um, uh -- [drumming on countertop] Oh! Oh! Oh! One mulligatawny and, um.... what is that right there? Is that lima bean?
"elaine: Never been a big fan. [coughing] Um..you know what? Has anyone ever told you you look exactly like Al Pacino? You know, "" Scent Of A Woman."" Who-ah! Who-ah!"
elaine: Well, I --
elaine: Hmmm?
elaine: What?
elaine: I mean, is he allowed to do this? It's discrimination! I'm gonna call the states' attorney office. I really am.
elaine: All right. All right. Give me a tsate. Mmm! Oh God, I gotta sit down. What happened? Where's my armoire?
elaine: Wha--?
elaine: Street toughs took my armoire?
elaine: I can't believe this!
elaine: Wha -- the Soup Nazi threw me out.
elaine: So, essentially, you chose soup over a woman?
elaine: Yeah. You know what I just realized? Suddenly, George has become much more normal than you.
elaine: Yeah. Come on. I mean, think about it. He's engaged to be married. Your top priority is soup.
elaine: Yeah. All right. You made the right decision.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: There he is.
elaine: Yeah. I know. Me, too.
elaine: No. In what way?
elaine: I don't think George has ever thought he's better than anybody.
elaine: Hello.
elaine: One of these days that guy is gonna get his.
elaine: [gasps]
elaine: Oh! Oh, I love it! I absolutely love it!
elaine: The K Man did it!
elaine: [laughing] How much did you pay for this thing?
elaine: What?
elaine: What? Who's was it? Where'd you get it?
elaine: Get out!
elaine: The Soup Nazi gave it to you?
elaine: Why?
elaine: [gasps]
elaine: Well, I'm just gonna go down there and personally thank him. I mean, I had this guy all wrong. This is wonderful!
elaine: Hi. You know, Kramer gave me the armoire and it is so beautiful. I'm mean, I just can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
elaine: I mean, you know, I've never been so insulted in my entire life. There's something really wrong with this man. He is a Soup Nazi. What? What is that?
elaine: Let me see this. [gasps] You know what this is? This is a recipe for soup, and look at this. There are like thirty different recipes. These are his recipes!
elaine: So? So, his secret's out. Don't you see? I could give these to every restaurant in town. I could have 'em published! I could - I could drop fliers from a plane above the city.
elaine: What do you care?
elaine: Get out of my way, Jerry.
elaine: Don't make me hurt you, Jerry.
elaine: Hello.
"elaine: I don't want soup. I can make my own soup. "" 5 cups chopped Porcine mushrooms, half a cup of olive oil, 3 pounds celery."""
elaine: Yeah, that's right. I got 'em all. Cold cucumber, corn and crab chowder, mulligatawny.
elaine: You're through Soup Nazi. Pack it up. No more soup for you. Next!
elaine: Did you hear that? He said, 'nice to meet you.'
elaine: So? We've met before. At Katie Ash's party, we talked for like ten minutes.
elaine: I gotta go talk to him.
elaine: Excuse me, excuse me, Fred?
elaine: You just said, 'nice to meet you', but actually we've met before.
elaine: Yeah, at Katie Ash's party?
elaine: Elaine. You don't remember our conversation? I talked about how my uncle worked in the book depository building with Lee Harvey Oswald?
elaine: When my uncle said to him, 'the president's been shot' Oswald winked at him and said, 'I'm gonna go catch a movie'?
elaine: That was right when we were in front of the bathroom door.
elaine: What was that?
elaine: Alright. So, get a load of this. This guy, Fred Yerkes, remembers every little thing about that night except me.
elaine: What are you saying?
elaine: Yeah, but why? I mean, ya know.
elaine: Ya know?
elaine: Huh, lookit, you got the new catalog.
elaine: Too good. Peterman was so pleased, now he wants to take me out to dinner tomorrow. Maybe you wanna come with me.
elaine: Oh please, Jerry, please please please, I can't sit with him, he tells these stories, it's gonna be awful.
elaine: Oh, hi Fred.
elaine: It's Elaine.
elaine: How ya doin'?
elaine: Yeah, that's too bad.
elaine: Hmm. I never take them.
elaine: Yeah! Yeah, that's right, you remembered!
elaine: Hmm. Tonight.
elaine: No, no no no, none that I can, um, remember.
elaine: (to herself) I can't believe this, is this guy standing me up?
elaine: Well, Fred asked me out.
elaine: Yeah, and then he stood me up. I don't get this guy.
elaine: I am? But that's so sick.
elaine: Anyway, so how was the dinner?
elaine: What about Georgie?
elaine: What?
elaine: I got a date.
elaine: Oh, Mr. Peterman.
elaine: Mr. Peterman, you have my deepest sympathies. Unfortunately, I've gotta get going.
elaine: I have a personal commitment.
elaine: I'm speaking at a women's' rights conference.
elaine: My pleasure.
elaine: Huh.
elaine: (to herself) What am I doing? I'm on a date with this guy because he didn't remember me? He's demented, listen to him...
elaine: Hey.
elaine: You mean in a real Fight Fight?
elaine: George.
elaine: George fights dirty. (she sips her coffee)
elaine: So. Listen ... You're not doing anything tomorrow, are you? Because I have an extra ticket to the historical clothing exhibit at the Met.
elaine: George?
elaine: There's nobody I can go with.
elaine: You know what. I don't have one female friend left.
elaine: Thank you.
elaine: George's Susan?
elaine: Yeah. Why not Susan. I should be friends with Susan. (smacks her forehead with hand) Of course! Susan! Oh! OK, Ill see you guys. Huh. (rushes out the door.)
elaine: Hey George.
elaine: (sitting up in bed) Nothing much, um. Can I talk to Susan
elaine: No, George really. Can I talk to Susan?
elaine: Because I want to ask her to lunch and to the Met tomorrow.
elaine: Why not?
elaine: George, are you going to put her on the phone?
elaine: George, are you going to let me talk to Susan, or Not?
elaine: Well what about that number Susan B. Anthony wore to the 19th Amendment party. Hnuh. Eye yye yye.
elaine: Ha, ha, ha, ha, well it must have been one hell of a party.
elaine: Ha, ha, ha, ha.
elaine: What?
elaine: What? You can tell me. Ill put it in the vault.
elaine: Mm-Hmm.
elaine: Oh, I don't know, you know, girlie stuff.
elaine: That's really what you think girls do, isn't it?
elaine: All rightee. (turns and walks to the bathroom)
elaine: Yeah? Well I don't really give a Sh... (closing the bathroom door)
elaine: Who? Who is Ramon?
elaine: What pool guy?
elaine: Yeah, no problem.
elaine: You know, you have the slowest elevator in the entire city? That's hard to get used to when you're in so many other fast ones.
elaine: Yeah and I was just leaving. Bye-bye Jerry. (smiling as she closes the door. Jerry looks at her like he can not believe she left him on his own)
elaine: George I don't even want to get --
elaine: So?
elaine: Well, I didnt tell here to say it.
elaine: I Like Her!
elaine: Ahh, yeah, sure.
elaine: Hmm. (picks up the phone and dials)
elaine: Kramer, is that you?
elaine: Uh, what time does Chow Fun start?
elaine: Uh-huh.
elaine: Uhh, so frustrating!
elaine: Uhh, so you want to join me and Susan for lunch at the coffee shop?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Oh, huh. Well, this should be very interesting.
elaine: Yeah. (sits down next to Susan)
elaine: Ahh.
elaine: (on the phone to) Look Jerry, we'll meet you at the theater. (hangs up the phone) OK, next showings at 900, we can't wait any longer.
elaine: Look, let's just leave him a note, okay?
elaine: Oh, come on, come on, come on. (picks up pad of paper and writes) George, Elaine and I went to see Chunnel ... with Jerry. Love?
elaine: Love ... Susan.
elaine: He could have died
elaine: How can you possibly show your face there again?
elaine: Hi, ah, three for Chunnel -- two adults ... one child. (looking towards Jerry)
elaine: I thought that was pretty good, huh?
elaine: Oh, well come on. You want to go grab a bite to eat?
elaine: Why not?
elaine: Is that tomorrow?
elaine: New jeans?
elaine: Still a 31 waist?
elaine: Lena Small?
elaine: Oh, you're not gonna cop a girl's phone number off an AIDS charity list!
elaine: You're a taking person.
elaine: What's he look like?
elaine: You're buying a speedboat?
elaine: I don't know about that.
elaine: Well...
elaine: Very much.
elaine: Haven't been in the lab yet. But I am birth control shopping today. (Kramer overhears as he returns to the booth.)
elaine: Uh, Kramer...
elaine: The sponge, o.k.? The Today sponge.
elaine: Off the market? The sponge? No, no...no way. Everybody loves the sponge.
elaine: Well, Kramer was right. My friend Kim told me the sponge is off the market.
elaine: I'll tell you what I'm gonna do - I'm gonna do a hard-target search. Of every drug store, general store, health store and grocery store in a 25-block radius.
elaine: Hey man, women are really loyal to their birth control methods. What does Susan use?
elaine: You don't know?
elaine: Sixty?! Uh...well, I'll take three.
elaine: Make it ten.
elaine: Twenty sponges should be plenty.
elaine: Yeah, twenty-five sponges is just fine.
elaine: Yeah. Just give me the whole case and I'll be on my way.
elaine: O.k. Hold on just a second. (Gets up and heads to the bathroom. George knocks at the door.)
elaine: Yeah. Cleaned out the whole west side. Why?
elaine: Ah, Susan uses the sponge.
elaine: Yeah, I'm sorry, George. I can't help you out.
elaine: I can't do it. No way, there's no how. (Tries to push George out the door. George resists.)
elaine: Oh yeah, I know all about make-up sex, and I'm really sorry. (Shoves George into the hallway and closes the door. George blocks the door with his foot.)
elaine: I'm sure you'll have another fight, George. (Stamps on George's foot and closes the door.) (To Billy) Hold that thought!
elaine: What?
elaine: Hey, I didn't even use one.
elaine: Yeah, it was, but then I just couldn't decide if he was really sponge-worthy.
elaine: Yeah, Jerry, I have to conserve these sponges.
elaine: Yes, yes - before they went off the market. I mean, now I've got to re-evaluate my whole screening process. I can't afford to waste any of 'em.
elaine: So, you think you're sponge-worthy?
elaine: Run down your case for me again...?
elaine: You going to do something about your sideburns?
elaine: And the bathroom in your apartment?
elaine: The sink, the tub, everything got cleaned?
elaine: Alright, let's go. (They head for the bedroom.)
elaine: Yep.
elaine: Nope. (Billy leans in to kiss her.) What are you doing?
elaine: Oh...I don't think so.
elaine: I wish I could help you, but I can't afford two of 'em. (Pats Billy on the shoulder and gets out of bed.)
elaine: Hey.
elaine: What kind is that?
elaine: Lloyd Braun? How's he doing?
elaine: You know, that's around the same time I broke up with Lloyd. Y... you don't think that I had anything to do with his breakdown, do you?
elaine: Yeah? Well, I got news for you.
elaine: Boy, you're really getting into this aren't you?
elaine: (concerned) What? Lloyd is here?
elaine: What? No, no, I'd rather...
elaine: (big fake smile) Lloyd, yes. Hello.
elaine: (reluctant) Oh, well... I, uh, actually Lloyd, Jerry and I have to sit in the front row, uhm, (desperately inventing) because uh, because, because he, he forgot his glasses. So uh, thanks for getting us... uhm, we'll see you afterwards.
elaine: I'm sorry, but I didn't want Lloyd thinking I was leading him on again. Seeing him made me feel very uncomfortable.
elaine: Hey Kramer, you know what? There, there isn't a light there, in the ladies' room.
elaine: Oh. Oh God.
elaine: Ah, I sat too close to the screen. Oh. I just gotta stretch out in a hot bath. It was nice to see you again, Lloyd.
elaine: Officer. Officer, is there some reason this man has to always be using a hose? I mean, he's flooding the sidewalk. It's a waste of water. Couldn't he just use a broom?
elaine: Hey.
elaine: (sits beside Jerry) What?
elaine: (laughing it away) Oh God. I lost a button, so my blouse was wide open. I musta left it at the theatre.
elaine: Yeah, I know. I have to go check it out. It's a beautiful button too, you know. It's antique ivory. It was my mother's.
elaine: Excuse me. 'scuse me, weren't you told to stop using that hose?
elaine: Well, uhm... I...
elaine: Uh... I...
elaine: No, wait! You're soaking me, you're soaking me!
elaine: Hey. Hey everybody.
elaine: (exasperated) What is Lloyd's problem?
elaine: Uhh, I got sprayed with a hose.
elaine: You know, that button looks very familiar.
elaine: I, I think that's my button. (wanders over to Haarwood) You know, I've been looking all over for it. Did, did you find it here?
elaine: Shall I undo it?
elaine: Oh, thank you.
elaine: Oh. (giggly) Tickle, tickle.
elaine: (thinking) I can't believe I'm going out with this guy. Wow! He's so cool. Maybe he'll write a song about me. That would be amazing. Oh, Elaine, you are so beautiful. So, so beautiful. Not so mention your personality which is so, so, interesting. If you want, you can quit your job and never work again.
elaine: Jerry, you have got to come see him. He is so terrific.
elaine: Yeah. Right. (laughing) Like that really matters.
elaine: Oh, yeah.
elaine: Well, actually, he's - he's not that way at all.
elaine: Yeah. In fact, he....(moaning)
elaine: I don't wanna!
elaine: (sighs) Well, actually, he, um, doesn't really like to do... everything.
elaine: Yeah. It's surprising.
elaine: No. No, it doesn't bother me. I mean, it would be nice. I'm not gonna lie to you and say it wouldn't be nice.
elaine: Exactly.
elaine: So what did he have to say?
elaine: Hot and heavy? You said hot and heavy?
elaine: What did you do that for?
elaine: What if he tells John? Then John's gonna think that I think that we're hot and heavy. I don't want John thinking that I'm hot and heavy if he's not hot and heavy.
elaine: I'm trying to get a little squirrel to come over to me here. I don't wanna make any big, sudden movements. I'll frighten him away.
elaine: How do you know that?
elaine: Ohh!
elaine: Hey. Is that your horse outside?
elaine: Well, you really did me in this time, didn't ya? First guy I like in a really long time. I mean, we're getting along, everything is just great. I mean, all right, so he doesn't do... everything, and then you have to come along with your hot and your heavy.
elaine: He wrote a song about it!
elaine: No! It's not a good thing! It's a bad thing! Do you know what this is like? To have no control over a relationship? And - and you feel sick to your stomach all the time? Do you know what that's like?
elaine: You know, one of these days, something terrible is gonna happen to you. It has to!
elaine: I can't! He's got a big showcase for record producers at his late show tonight. I don't wanna upset him. Aw, what the hell, I'll upset him.
elaine: I'm sorry to just show up unexpectedly like this. I know you've got your big showcase coming up later and I know how important it is, I know how hard you work for this night, but I just had to tell you that I never told Jerry hot and heavy. I didn't think we were hot and heavy. I mean - I mean, who's hot and who's heavy?
elaine: Disappointed?
elaine: You were?
elaine: Ohh! Whew! I am so relieved!
elaine: Really?
elaine: What?
elaine: Ohh!
elaine: No. No. Don't be silly, John, you were very good. You just don't have to try so hard. Good luck, honey.
elaine: Yeah, ha ha ha. What have you been up to?
elaine: Oh Tomorrow...?
elaine: I don't know if I can.
elaine: Yeah, I'm just really, really busy.
elaine: Yeah, yeah.
elaine: Ah Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Better, now.
elaine: You know Sue Ellen Mishke?
elaine: Yeah, the woman I grew up with in Maryland, she moved here last year...
elaine: The heiress to the O'Henry candy bar fortune--
elaine: Yes. Yes I ran into her today. This woman has never, not once, ever, as long as I have known her, worn a bra.
elaine: You don't understand. See, she hasn't changed at all. She stole my boyfriend when I was in high school. (flashback sequence)I was at this party, and I was dating this *really* cute guy, his name was Tom Cosley, by the way, and she goes walking by, in this little floozy outfit, and he follows her, right out the door!
elaine: Her birthday's comin' up, see, so I decided to get her a little present.
elaine: A very traditional, a very supportive, brazier.
elaine: Sue Ellen Mishke? Ah, alright, send her in.
elaine: Hellllloo.
elaine: Ohhhhh. You're....welcome.
elaine: Well, Sue Ellen, it's a, it's not a top, it's a bra.
elaine: My God, are you okay?
elaine: So how did this happen?
elaine: What woman?
elaine: Oh...my God.
elaine: Was it a tall woman, in a black blazer?
elaine: Ohhh! That's Sue Ellen Mishke!
elaine: That's the bra I gave here, she's wearing it as a top! The woman is walking around in broad daylight with nothing but a bra on, she's a menace to society.
elaine: Oh! I got it! Let's sue her!
elaine: Yeah, she's loaded. She's the heiress to the O'Henry candy bar fortune.
elaine: Kramer, listen to me. Listen! This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Your dreams have been shattered, somebody's got to be held accountable. Come on, we'll take for every penny she's got!
elaine: Yeah, it's a bra.
elaine: w-What is this all about?
elaine: Oh-oh, but-
elaine: Yes, that's correct.
elaine: Oh, no, I-I don't think so.
elaine: Yeah, yeah, thanks.
elaine: Oh, I don't think you'll have any trouble gettin' a table.
elaine: (awed) Oh, look at this!
elaine: (excited) Oh, cool! Look at that!
elaine: (excited) That is a Schwinn Stingray! And it's the girl's model! Oh, I always wanted one of these when I was little.
elaine: What d'you think Jerry? Jerry?
elaine: What d'you think?
elaine: (laughs) I love it. I'm getting it.
elaine: Can you help me get it down, Jer? Jerry.
elaine: Hey!
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Still killing me from having to get that bike off the wall. (pointedly) By myself.
elaine: (sitting) Ah, I think I really strained it. Ow.
elaine: Ach, maybe.
elaine: I don't know.
elaine: (patience exhausted) You know what, why don't you just shut the hell up?
elaine: God. Man, this is killing me. Right now, I would give that bike to the first person who could make this pain go away.
elaine: Oh, Kramer, it's just awful.
elaine: (worried) What? What?
elaine: Wait a minute. Kramer, you know what you're doing here?
elaine: Ah hah.
elaine: (seriously worried) Wha...?
elaine: (pleasantly surprised) Oh my god!
elaine: Wow! That is unbelievable. The pain is totally gone!
elaine: (big smile) Oh man! Kramer, thank you!
elaine: (after Kramer) What? (to Jerry) What, what is he talking about?
elaine: You really think he wants the bike?
elaine: It took him like ten seconds!
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Lookit, Kramer, you are not getting this bike. I don't even know why you ant it. (laughingly) I mean, it's a girl's bike.
elaine: No we didn't. You take these things too literally. It's like saying, you're hungry enough to eat a horse.
elaine: This is not the point. (emphatic) The point is, you just can't have the bike.
elaine: (grudging) Alright.
elaine: (in pain) Oh god! Oh, god. (bitter) Kramer!
elaine: (pain) Oh, ah. (bitter) Stupid Kramer.
elaine: Huh?
elaine: Yeah, yeah. Uh, Christie?
elaine: (bearing up) I'm fine.
elaine: (after Christie) Okay, oh, it was good to, good to see you.
elaine: (shouting) Kramer! Kramer!
elaine: Kramer!!
elaine: Ow! God! Is Kramer back from his little joyride yet?
elaine: His chiropractic job was a crock. It's even worse than it was before.
elaine: Hey, you know what, I think I ran into that girl from the antique store. What's her name, Christie?
elaine: I don't know. I couldn't see. I couldn't look down because of my neck.
elaine: What d'you care?
elaine: Did you have a nice ride?
elaine: Oh, that's good. 'Cos it was your last!
elaine: (anger) You better give me back that bike! (indicating neck) Look at this! Look! Ow. I couldn't even crawl out of bed this morning.
elaine: What? You never told me that.
elaine: Jerry, what is he talking about? He's being ridiculous.
elaine: Yeah Jerry.
elaine: Yeah, I'd go for that. Would you go for that?
elaine: So, that's the situation.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (shout) What?! This is your solution?! To ruin the bike?!
elaine: Alright, fine. Fine. Go ahead. (standing) Cut the stupid thing in half.
elaine: Yeah, yeah, y-yeah.
elaine: What?!
elaine: (frustration) But this isn't fair! Lookit, my neck is still hurting me, and now you have the bike?!
elaine: Hey, that's my bike! Along the sidewalk comes a happy-looking Newman, pedalling the Schwinn for all he's worth. He rings the bell.
elaine: This is my bike!
elaine: (chasing Newman) No, you better gimme back that bike. Newman, gimme...
elaine: Who was Pippi Longstocking?
elaine: Did she have anything to do with Hitler?
elaine: Hey George.
elaine: (indicating) You remember Katy?
elaine: Ah, you don't have to tell me.
elaine: Oh, you know what? He got engaged.
elaine: (deadpan) Oh, I don't know what I was thinking.
elaine: George. How come you're whispering?
elaine: No.
elaine: Ech, George, I have no idea what you're talking about.
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh, yeah. Yeah, what about her?
elaine: What? (shocked) What?! George, no way. You're engaged!
elaine: Uhh. No George!
elaine: Forget it!
elaine: I can't believe you're buying your father a car.
elaine: (sharp intake of breath) Hoh. A Cadillac! (impressed) Wow.
elaine: I had no idea you had this kind of money.
elaine: Yeah, I thought you were doing okay. I just didn't think you were in this kind of, you know, uh... position.
elaine: (smiling) So, when're you getting back from Florida?
elaine: I don't know. (big smile) Just, things seem a little more exciting when you're around. That's all.
elaine: (squeaky) Sure, sure.
elaine: Jerry, he want me to fix him up with Marisa Tomei. I am not gonna be a part of this!
elaine: You wanna meet her. You wanna see if she likes you?
elaine: (shrill) You're engaged!
elaine: George! It's cheating.
elaine: Yes it is!
elaine: (looking for support) Jerry!
elaine: (distractedly) Yeah, yeah, fine, I'll make...
elaine: Eight-fifty.
elaine: So uh, how are you getting to the airport? D'you need a ride, or...
elaine: You sure? You sure? 'Cos, you know...
elaine: (big smile) Okay.
elaine: Oh, hi. Uhm, is Katy there? (listens) Wh...? Uhm, what? (listens) Oh, really?
elaine: Well, could you tell her Elaine called? Yeah, thanks.
elaine: Huh, she's in the hospital. (concerned) She has an arrhythmia.
elaine: (flirtatious) Hi Jerry.
elaine: (clears throat) I was thinking, I mean, I'm not really doing that much this weekend, and I thought, well, huh, what the hell, maybe I'll come down there and hang out a little.
elaine: Well, it's just two hours by plane...
elaine: Dammit! I got another call. Uh, hang on, don't hang up Jerry.
elaine: Yeah?
elaine: (impatient) Okay, George, I am on the other line. I promise you, I'll get you her number.
elaine: Goodbye.
elaine: (smiling and flirty) Hi.
elaine: So, what d'you think?
elaine: (disappointed) Oh.
elaine: Well, if you need that ride, just uhm, gimme a call. (little laugh) Heh. I can meet you at the gate, Jer.
elaine: (urgent) Jerry? Jerry?
elaine: (breathy) Bye.
elaine: (looking at her watch) Okay, well that's all the time we have for today. Why don't we pick up with this next week?
elaine: I got stuff to do.
elaine: Why not?
elaine: Alibi? What does that have to do with me?
elaine: Oh, so you wanna say you were with me?
elaine: (pulls a face) Puh. Okay, fine. You were with me.
elaine: What is the difference?
elaine: Ah! Because, I'm going to the dentist, and I'm afraid, and I want you to go with me.
elaine: (pointedly) Okay. Fine.
elaine: I don't like the way you just rejected my suggestion.
elaine: I thought that my suggestion was good. And, I think you could've been a little more tactful.
elaine: (weary) Okay.
elaine: Okay.
elaine: Fine.
elaine: Fine, fine, fine.
elaine: What?
elaine: I don't have a boyfriend.
elaine: (not convinced) Ech.
elaine: I thought my idea was just as good.
elaine: (pointed) Yeah, right. The dentist thing.
elaine: Okay, alright. What's his name? Who is he?
elaine: (incredulity) Art Vandelay? This is my boyfriend?
elaine: What does he do?
elaine: Just imports? No exports?
elaine: Okay. So, I'm dating Art Vandelay. What is the problem we're discussing?
elaine: (sighs) Yi-yi-yi.
elaine: Ah! (explaining, with hand gestures) How 'bout this? How about, he's thinking of quitting the exporting, and just focussing in on the importing. And this is causing a problem, because, why not do both?
elaine: (irked) Oh, what? You don't like that suggestion either?
elaine: (definitely irritated) You know, it seems to me that it's all you, and none of my ideas are getting in. You know, I mean, you just know it all and I am Miss Stupid. Right?
elaine: Hi, Susan.
elaine: Hi. Come in, come in. Have a seat.
elaine: Oh, sure.
elaine: (disbelief) Wha...?! (uncontrolled laughter) Ha ha ha. Ha, no.
elaine: (laughter) Don't be ridiculous! (laughter) I mean, why would anyone wanna sleep...
elaine: ...Well, obviously... You know... (disbelief) Ap..ap, Chu... Why would you think I was having an affair with George?
elaine: (recalling the arranged lie) Yeah, yeah, I did have to talk with him. I definitely had to talk with him. Having a problem with my boyfriend.
elaine: Yeah, Art Vandelay.
elaine: (smiling) No, no. (laughing) Huh-hu-hu. It's okay.
elaine: It is so forgotten.
elaine: Okay. (relieved) Okay, no problem.
elaine: (unconvincing) Yeah. Oh, yes, yes, he was very helpful. (hesitant) Uhm, because, you know, Art and I were getting into this whole thing about his business. Uhm, you know he's an importer-exporter.
elaine: (explaining, with gestures) Uhm, George felt that I was too adamant in my stand that Art should focus on the exporting and forget about the importing.
elaine: What'd I say?
elaine: (caught out) I did. Uh...
elaine: (extemporising) Uh... chips.
elaine: Potato.
elaine: (embroidering) Some corn.
elaine: Diapers.
elaine: Oh, no, it's okay.
elaine: Okay.
elaine: (to herself) C'mon, George, pick up. Oh, pick up. Oh, pick up.
elaine: Mr. Peterman sent me over here for a physical because as you may or may not know, he and I are going on a trip to Kenya. Africa. My first such mission for the company. The Massai bushmen wear these great sandals and we're gonna knock them off. Not the Massai, the sandals.
elaine: Right.
elaine: Oh, Come on.
elaine: The Tonight Show?
elaine: Are you doing new material?
elaine: I don't think so.
elaine: So what are your parents doing here in new York?
elaine: So what are their plans?
elaine: You mean the three of them in that tiny apartment?
elaine: Georgie, how come your parents never moved to Florida?
elaine: You're all grown up.
elaine: Ahh.
elaine: They have no idea when they're going back to Florida?
elaine: How's that gonna happen?
elaine: What? Why not?
elaine: Opium?
elaine: Ihat's impossible, I've never done a drug in my life. Dr. Strugatz must have made a mistake.
elaine: Obviously, Mr. Peterman, there's something wrong with this test. I don't take opium. Let me take another one, please? I'll call the doctor right now, I'll take a pop urine test.
elaine: Oh, thank you Mr. Peterman. (Drinks a glass of water) I'll be ready in three minutes.
elaine: No?
elaine: Kramer, you look terrible.
elaine: What's wrong with your shower?
elaine: Why don't you just go see Jerry?
elaine: Mr Peterman! What are you doing?
elaine: Huh?
elaine: Mr. Peterman, I don't know what's going on here. I am not addicted to anything.
elaine: How could I have tested positive twice? Once I could understand, that's a mistake. But twice?
elaine: I mean I lost my job, I can't go to Africa. I was gonna meet the bush-men of the Kalahari.
elaine: And the bush-women.
elaine: Yeah, I eat these muffins all the time.
elaine: (as though receiving a revelation) Poppies!
elaine: Well, this you're not gonna believe. I found out why I was testing positive for opium. Poppy seeds!
elaine: Yeah. Thanks. So, I'm gonna get tested again later, hopefully I'll get my job back and I will be on my way to Africa.
elaine: Oh c'mon, Newman.
elaine: Jerry?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Hello. Jerry's not here?
elaine: Huh. (pause) Oh my god.
elaine: A poppy seed! It must have been in the chicken. Oh, I'm dead. I'm going to the doctor's in a half an hour.
elaine: It's a long story.
elaine: What are you gonna do in there?
elaine: You gotta do me a favor.
elaine: Hold on a second. Mrs. Seinfeld, I need your sample.
elaine: I need a clean urine sample from a woman.
elaine: Oh please, Mrs. Seinfeld, please?
elaine: Well, one of those glasses.
elaine: Yeah, he won't mind. C'mon, you're his mom.
elaine: Yeah, a coffee cup's fine.
elaine: Yes, fine, fine, a juice glass is perfect.
elaine: It doesn't matter.
elaine: A milk glass, a juice glass, any glass, just pick a glass.
elaine: Mrs. Seinfeld, pick a glass! Pick a glass, Mrs. Seinfeld!
elaine: Oh! Yes! What a load off. So when are we going to Africa?
elaine: What? Why not?
elaine: But I wanted to see the bushmen.
elaine: Oh, hi, Frank.
elaine: (Trying to come up with an excuse not to sit with them) Actually, I gotta get to the.. uh.. thing.
elaine: (Giving up) Okay.. (Sits, George laughs) So.. (Trying to think up something to talk about) Frank, did George ever show you that photo?
"elaine: You know, the photo I took in Tuscany of the little man in front of the sign that said ""Costanza""?"
elaine: I didn't talk to anyone - I was just walking by, and I saw the sign, and I thought George might get a kick out of it.
elaine: Who is that?
elaine: So, you weren't born here?
elaine: No, I, I don't. But.. Well, the Maestro might.
elaine: He's this guy that I went to Tuscany with. He's a great guy, but I just wouldn't feel comfortable calling him.
elaine: (Explaining) Because he hasn't called me since we got back.. I spilled wine on his 8 by 10 photo of one of his favorite Italian opera stars.
elaine: You know the Three Tenors?
elaine: (Nodding) The other guy.
elaine: (Just making conversation) Oh yeah?
elaine: (Mock enthusiasm) Oh, that's dynamite.
elaine: Who else is on the show?
elaine: (Interested) The Three Tenors? (Stands up) Which one?!
elaine: (Extremely excited) The other guy?!
elaine: (Screams out in joy) My God! I can't believe the other guy's going to be on the show!
elaine: Because I ruined this autographed picture of him that belonged to the Maestro. You think I can go and get his autograph?
elaine: (Extremely giddy) Wow! The other guy!
elaine: Who's Sally?
elaine: That's sounds pretty juvenile.
elaine: Did you see that?!
elaine: Oh, it's a poster of the three tenors.
elaine: (Blunt, to the point) No.
elaine: Eh, I like mine.
elaine: I don't want it.
elaine: (Not committing to the conversation) It doesn't matter to me.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: (Yelling out) He's got nothin'!
elaine: Well, have you ever considered writing new material?
elaine: (Getting the hint) Me? Are you talking about me?
elaine: (Reflecting) Boy, that doll was really freaky, wasn't it?
elaine: What?
elaine: Is George here?
elaine: It's.. .. you! It's really you! Oh, I'm such a huge fan of yours. Would you mind signing this poster for me?
"elaine: (As he is signing) Oh, thank you so much. (He finishes. Elaine gives out a happy gasp) Thank you so much, Mr.. (Tries to read his signature) Camaro. (Carreras gives her a look as he is getting up) Mr. Casea? (He walks off as Elaine rolls the picture back up. Jerry gives his ""That's a shame"" face) Well, whatever. (To Jerry) I'm gonna take this to the Maestro. He's, he's playing at the Queens Convalescent Center."
elaine: (Mock joy) Ohh.. thank you. (Accepts the gift) Huh.. (Struggles under the size) Wha-- why does a toothbrush come in such a big box?
elaine: (Still trying to get a grasp on the package) How am I supposed to carry this thing? (She looks up to see Jerry taking his pants off) What are you doing?
elaine: So?
elaine: I know you're very busy, but I just wanted to come by and give you this.
elaine: No, no, no. Not the toothbrush.. (Holds out the poster) this.
elaine: Oh, well, I just felt so bad about what happened in Tuscany..
elaine: Oh, ok! (Picking up the Ori-dent box, she knocks over a bottle of wine. It spills all over the poster)
elaine: (whispers) Poor bastard.
elaine: (irked) I'm stuck here, editing the stupid catalogue, because of stupid Bob Grossberg.
elaine: Listen, there is something really suspicious about this guy. Every time Mr Peterman tries to assign him any work, he says he can't hear, and it all gets dumped on me.
elaine: I don't know. But I'd like to try that earpiece on, see if it's real.
elaine: Bob, you know what? I'm kinda swamped here. You think you could give me a hand with some of the catalogue?
elaine: (slower and louder) I'm kind of swamped.
elaine: Did you see that? Did you see that, Jerry?
elaine: Yes.
elaine: Alright, listen, we'll have to do this again some other time, okay? I got a lotta work to do.
elaine: Alright.
elaine: (makes an irked noise)
elaine: (really doesn't want to know) Okay, Jerry, please, please. I'm really busy here.
elaine: So what?
elaine: Get out! What'd you do?
elaine: (hopeful) And?
elaine: What d'you mean, sort of? What'd he do?
elaine: So you don't know anything?
elaine: (sarcasm) Alright, good job.
elaine: Can you give us a hand with some of these boxes, Bob?
elaine: Bob!
elaine: (sexily) I want you so bad, Bob. You turn me on...
elaine: ...so much. You're so damn...sexy.
elaine: (sexy) Ohh. I'm starting to unbutton.
elaine: (dropping the sexy voice) Anything getting through? Bob?
elaine: (shrugging it off) Oh.
elaine: (pleased) Ah.
elaine: (delighted) Well, thank you Mr Peterman.
elaine: Mr Peterman, you...
elaine: (resigned) Of course, Mr Peterman.
elaine: (flat) Yeah, yeah. Was nice.
elaine: (pushing Bob away) Get offa me! Stop it. Stop it.
elaine: Get offa me!
elaine: Get a hold of yourself, Bob! (throwing Bob back between the seats) Get a hold of yourself!
elaine: Ah! So he knew that you were making it up.!
elaine: That's ridiculous. Why do do you want to go back there if you don't want the coat?
elaine: But you were!!
elaine: What house guest?
elaine: Who is he?
elaine: What is a wig master?
elaine: (looking up to the salesman)
elaine: .....Hi.
elaine: Oh!!.....Joseph Aboud .. and look at this hand ticking around the crest.
elaine: Well I'm in the biz .. I work for J. Peterman.
elaine: (giggling) Ohhh!!.
elaine: Ohhh!! really ..well you know what, I write those.
elaine: Yeeeahh!!!
elaine: I think it's great. I think you should get it.
elaine: (laughs and giggles like a schoolgirl)
elaine: But I really did like it
elaine: uhn... Sorry!
elaine: What is the big deal!!
elaine: He dared....
elaine: How do you like working there at the .... hum...Andover shop? I mean it's a pretty swanky upscale clientele.
elaine: except for Jerry!(laughs)
elaine: Oh!!!
elaine: Really!...Well actually yeah I did see this ......'mazing little black dress...it was sleeveless....
elaine: Yeah..Yeah...
elaine: Really....but I barely know you.
elaine: Ah! Ah!ah!
elaine: Hey Jerr...
elaine: You were wrong about Craig . He's a very sweet guy.
elaine: what about it?
elaine: All I know he's promised me a discount on that dress.
elaine: Ah! Jerry I've been around long enough to know when I'm being worked.
elaine: I just met him this morning.
elaine: . Well this is all very flattering...
elaine: Ok....
elaine: OKAY!!!
elaine: You know... I can't wait to get that dress..
elaine: Arrive?
elaine: But you said it was in the store!.
elaine: But I thought .. Nicole Miller was made.......
elaine: Hi E-an
elaine: E-an
elaine: Oh..Nice to meet you.
elaine: Bye Eeeen.
elaine: So you're giving him a discount too?
elaine: Hem!! No reason.
elaine: Hi!.
elaine: Squire's walking stick. I had to write about it for the catalogue.
elaine: You want it?
elaine: You can have ,I don't need it anymore.
elaine: Ok so ..I am positive you are wrong about Craig.
elaine: Because he told a man he'd give him a discount too... a man Jerry.
elaine: Some friend of his from England.
elaine: You're nuts!
elaine: What d'you mean?
elaine: Aawwh Please.....
elaine: I can't I 've got to meet a friend.
elaine: Oh Thanks, thank you very much.
elaine: Well you guys are gonna have fun here so..bye take care
elaine: Well, Here we are.
elaine: (sighs)
elaine: So.ehmmmm. so, do you have any ideas when the Nicole Millers are coming in?
elaine: Huh!
elaine: Hummm.... so you've no idea when.. they'll arrive.
elaine: Hello.
elaine: Uhmmm huh! Is it important.?
elaine: Let me ask you something. ahemm..Do you know when the Nicole Millers are coming in from Milan?.
elaine: Well do you have any in a... size four.?
elaine: (sarcastically) Oh! yeah I'll make sure he gets the message. (looks at the sleeping Craig and thinks) They make wigs out of human hair? (still thinking, Ethan's voice) And pay plenty for them.
elaine: One of those fabric wholesalers. This guy Todd Gack. I won a bet from him.
elaine: He bet me Dustin Hoffman was in Star Wars.
elaine: That's what I said.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: What?
elaine: I'll see you later.
elaine: Hi Jerry!
elaine: Hello. This is Todd Gack.
elaine: So what movie are you guys seeing?
"elaine: Oh. We were going to see that but it was sold out. So were going to see""Blame it on the Rain"""
elaine: What's she going to do? There's no more tickets.
elaine: How did you do that?
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Huh. Yeah thanks for getting us tickets too.
elaine: No. We were both in the mood for one.
elaine: Oh is that so.
elaine: What are you talking about?
elaine: If he wanted to ask me out why didn't he just ask me.
elaine: I don't buy it.
elaine: Nothing. He walked me home.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: No it's not.
elaine: That's just because your a jackass.
elaine: No, no.
elaine: I am supposed to meet him to pick up your cigars.
elaine: Your crazy!
elaine: Thanks for the dinner.
elaine: Hey Todd. Let me ask you a question. Um. Was this whole date thing just a way of asking me out?
elaine: I mean Dustin Hoffman in Star Wars?
elaine: Oh all right. Okay well, goodnight.
elaine: See what is that? Is that a date?
elaine: All right. I am sorry it's not a date.
elaine: All right.
elaine: This is nice.
elaine: Party of four? Who are we meeting?
elaine: Hellllllooooo.
elaine: What the hell was that?
elaine: Why did you introduce me to your parents?
elaine: Come on Todd. Admit it, this is a date.
elaine: Saturday night with your parents. Unless I'm your sister this is a date.
elaine: Well if it's not a date then what is it?
elaine: I don't believe this.
elaine: No. I'll just walk home.
elaine: Now what was that?
elaine: Hey Todd.
elaine: Yeah sure.
elaine: Milhouse.
elaine: These are terrible.
elaine: What kind of a name is Todd Gack anyway.
elaine: Where are you going?
elaine: But she broke up with you.
elaine: It smells like a rubber fire.
elaine: I said rubber fire.
elaine: Did you ever pay Todd for these things?
elaine: Hi, Mr Peterman.
elaine: I do.
elaine: The pygmy pullover.
elaine: Whatever.
elaine: Oh. (pleasant surprise) Oh yeah, I'd be happy to. Uhm, how much d'you want this thing? (smilingly) I mean, you know, how high are you willing to go?
elaine: Wow.
elaine: No, I didn't hear anything. (she spots a familiar face) Oh, my God, look who's here.
elaine: Hi Sue Ellen.
elaine: (faked laughter) Oh, ho ha ha. No, no, I'm actually here to bid, Sue Ellen. I mean that is if anything is to my liking.
elaine: (half under her breath and half to Jerry) I... hate that woman.
elaine: (loudly, for the benefit of Sue-Ellen) Oh. Those are handsome. Look at that set. Yeah, think I might bid on those.
elaine: (to Jerry) What is she doing? She's starting in on the bidding now? (to Auctioneer) Eighty-five hundred!
elaine: Ninety-five hundred.
elaine: (determined) Eleven thousand!
elaine: (angrier) Thirteen thousand!
elaine: (vicious) Fifteen thousand!!
elaine: Peterman is gonna kill me.
elaine: Why didn't you stop me?
elaine: (listening) A little.
elaine: Oh. You know what? (indicates clubs) I'm gonna grab these from you later. You'll take care of 'em, okay? Okay. See you tomorrow.
elaine: Alrighty, bye.
elaine: I know, Mr Peterman, but but but but once I saw them, I just couldn't stand to let anyone else have them. (warming to her subject) You know, certainly not some stuck-up candy bar heiress who shamelessly flaunts herself in public without any regard...
elaine: (ingratiatingly) They should be here today.
elaine: Hi, it's me.
elaine: Listen, I need to come over and pick up the clubs for Peterman.
elaine: (worry) Oh no. What?
elaine: You left them in the car? How could you leave them in the car?
elaine: Oh, go down and get them.
elaine: Ah, this is great. Alright, well, where is the mechanic? I'll just go and pick 'em up myself.
elaine: (resigned) Ugh, okay, alright, fine.
elaine: Hey. Where's the car?
elaine: Good.
elaine: So? What'd they say?
elaine: What the hell were you thinking leaving my clubs in that car?!
elaine: What kind of maniac is this guy?
elaine: What am I supposed to tell Mr Peterman.
elaine: Why couldn't you take better care of that car?!
elaine: Mr Peterman, uh... There seems to be a bit of a snag.
elaine: It seems that a psychotic mechanic has absconded with my friend's car.
elaine: They happened to be in the back seat at the time.
elaine: (to George) Hey.
elaine: (to Jerry) Hey. What did the detective say?
elaine: (makes surprise noise) Are the clubs in it? Ask him.
elaine: (explaining) We used to date, but now we're just friends.
elaine: (horrified) Huuh! (she turns away and covers her mouth)
elaine: Oh, my God.
elaine: Uuh.
elaine: Uhh
elaine: (sobbing happiness) It's a tu-hur-bo.
elaine: Elaine Benes.
elaine: Oh my god, where is it?
elaine: Are the clubs there?
elaine: Alright, I'm heading over right now.
elaine: What's the status?
elaine: Well, have they called the police yet?
elaine: What? Why not?
elaine: Kramer has a record.
elaine: Keep following him.
elaine: I need those clubs.
elaine: Those are JFK's golf clubs!
elaine: Stop the truck, Kramer. Pick up the clubs!
elaine: (quietly) Can you stop and pick up those clubs Kramer?
elaine: (not the soul of happiness) Yep. Lemme get 'em for you, Mr Peterman.
elaine: The uh, the letter of, authenticity's in the side pocket there.
elaine: (spotting a chance to keep her job) Oh. Oh yeah. The only thing worse was his slice. (she laughs nervously)
elaine: Have a good game.
elaine: (Looking up from a menu) Yeah.
elaine: Is that good?
elaine: Hey, my God, look at that. (Jerry looks over at the table. A man and a woman are dining) David and Beth Lookner. (Leaning in for confidentiality) You know, I heard a rumor their marriage was a little rocky.
elaine: Mm-hmm.
elaine: Well, I have to admit, I've always thought David was kind of sponge-worthy. (Winks, making a clicking sound with her tongue)
elaine: Yeah, me too. Well, I've been waiting out two or three marriages, but this is the one I really had my eye on.
elaine: Oh, (Laughs at George's misfortune) that's mine.
elaine: Well, my friend, Elise, lent it to me for the week. She's out of town.
elaine: (Overly generous) Hi, David!
elaine: God, it is so great to drive again. I miss it so much! (Suddenly swerves to the right, then yells out of her window) How about a left turn signal, ya moron?!
elaine: You know what? On my first road test, I hit a dog. (Jerry nods, blinking) I think it was a golden retriever. No, no, no, it was a - it was a yellow lab. (Picks up the car phone) I'm gonna check my messages. (Begins to dial as she pulls up to a pedestrian crosswalk. She stops right before hitting a man crossing the street)
elaine: Oh my God! Jerry! My friend, Kim called - David and Beth got separated last night!
elaine: They're gettin' divorced! (Quickly breaks, stopping traffic)
elaine: So, now, what is our move? What do we do?
elaine: (Agreeing) Mm.
elaine: Right.
elaine: Yeeah, but David and Beth are going to need their grieving time.
elaine: (Nodding) Yeah, yeah..
elaine: Then why are we calling?
"elaine: Ah! (Jerry has a surprised look) I've got it! I've got it! We're calling just to say, ""I'm there for you."""
"elaine: Then, after a period of being ""there for you"", we slowly remove the two words ""for you"", and we're just (Makes a ""ta-da!"" gesture) ""there""."
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Yeah, I thought you were being folksy.
elaine: Kramer, they're painted on!
elaine: (Mock sympathy) Well.. David, it happens.
elaine: Because it's really nobody's business.
"elaine: ""There"" is, um.. anywhere you want me to be.."
elaine: And I could just be there. (Adding) For you.
elaine: You're gonna pick up the pieces.
elaine: 10th
elaine: Right
elaine: Well, David the thing about George is that he's an idiot.
elaine: Did I have a great time with David Lickner last night? I sure did. (Jerry comes over to the couch with a beverage and sits down) Do I think there is a future here? I don't see why not.
elaine: Ooooh, please.
elaine: Ah come on
elaine: Aaalright!
elaine: Mmmnn, Georgie!
elaine: Right
elaine: Well thanks to you and your little comment there to David and Beth. Jerry and I are in prime pouncing position to scoop these two up (Jerry and Elaine do a little slow dance of joy) before they know what hit em.
elaine: Ya
elaine: (Put her finger in George's face) You be careful George.
elaine: What
elaine: is it?
elaine: Dam
elaine: What do we do? You get your ass over to Beth's, toot sweet. That's what you do and turn on some of that so called charm you're always telling me about.
elaine: (Pushing Jerry) You don't try, you Do It! I got the loser in this relationship and I'm breathing new life into him, you give me three more days, he won't be able to remember her name. You got the winner, you got the easy part. Alright let's go (claps) I'll drive you over there. Come on.
elaine: What? I'm parked right outside, let's go. Come on (grabs Jerry's arm) come on.
elaine: (pulling Jerry out the door) Nah It doesn't matter come on, I'll take you.
elaine: What's your Problem?
elaine: (Car tires screeching) Woah, ahhh. Hehe Ha ha ha. That was close. Confide in her, open up to her. You know women like that.
elaine: My father left us when I was 9 so I guess that is why i have such a fear of abandonment.
elaine: Yes it is.
elaine: Oh, maybe we should go some place else.
elaine: Hi
elaine: and here.
elaine: (takes a huge shot) I'll tell ya, it's not bad.
elaine: Hey!...( sees George) HEY!! Georgie. You know what I just realized; the wedding is like a month away.ha..haa..
elaine: What?...Oh! by the way. What am I going to be in the wedding party?
elaine: Well Jerry's gonna be the best man and Kramer's gonna be the usher so what am I gonna be?
elaine: Wel...I have to be something. I 'm a close friend....What about being a bridesmaid.
elaine: Well then...aaahh how about being an usher?
elaine: You don't ask.. You tell.
elaine: Start smoking.
elaine: Really?
elaine: Yeah! You're probably right.
elaine: No! Not me pal. I can't keep this up much longer. I'm sick of being single. I'm getting out.
elaine: Yep! just you and Kramer.
elaine: So I'm not gonna be an usher?
elaine: So I'm nothing. Jerry is best man , Kramer is an usher and I am nothing.
elaine: Jerry ( as they come into the apt.) Jerry, Susan says I can't be an usher at he wedding.
elaine: Aaawh...This is GREAT!!.....Now I'm gonna be stuck at the singles table with all the losers.
elaine: Did you try the cigarettes?
elaine: I wouldn't sign one.
elaine: I wonder what happened?
elaine: I'm so sorry George
elaine: All right. (they start to leave except Jerry)
elaine: It was unbelievable. Six weeks of traveling through Mexico all on Peterman's peso.
elaine: Oh, tons!
elaine: (laughs sarcastically) You don't respect my work at all, do you?
elaine: So what's been going on around this dump? How's your fiancee?
elaine: Jeannie... your fiancee.
elaine: All right. Spill it, Jerome.
elaine: You've never felt remorse.
elaine: I bet your parents were upset, huh?
elaine: You haven't told them yet, have you?
elaine: Well, Mr. Peterman, I've got a really good idea for a hat. It combines the spirit of old Mexico with a little big city panache. I like to call it the Urban Sombrero.
elaine: Are you okay, Mr. Peterman?
elaine: Well, see, it's... businessmen taking siestas. You know, it's the, uh, the Urban Sombrero.
elaine: Mr. Peterman?
elaine: (answers the phone) Hello, Mr. Peterman, how are you feeling?
elaine: What? Well, who's gonna do it?
elaine: Me? Why me?
elaine: Mr. Peterman, you can't leave.
elaine: Burma?
elaine: Mr. Peterman?
elaine: Burma.
elaine: Jerry, he wants me to run the catalog! It's crazy! I can't be in charge!
elaine: I mean, I can't give people orders!
elaine: I am not qualified to run the catalog!
elaine: Oh, Peterman ran off to Burma, and now he wants me to run the catalog.
elaine: Well, I'm just gonna tell him no. I can't run the catalog.
elaine: Karate?
elaine: Katra?
elaine: Well, you know, I, I have watched Peterman run the company.
elaine: I know how to do it. Pair of pants, a stupid story, a huge markup. I can do that.
elaine: (excitedly) Okay.
elaine: You got that straight. Now I want four new ideas from each of you by 600. No, make that six ideas by 400. All right, let's move, move, move, move, move!
elaine: (picking up) Jerry!
elaine: Hey. Guess who just finished laying out her first issue of the J. Peterman Catalog.
elaine: (muffled, as she's smoking a cigar) It's a peach.
elaine: I say, it's a peach.
elaine: No, no, no. It's weak. No one's gonna buy it, and you shouldn't be selling it.
elaine: Hey, hey. Me. Talking. You know, between you and me, I always thought Kramer was a bit of a doofus, but he believed in me. *You* did not. So as I see it, he's not the doofus. *You* are the doofus.
elaine: Yeah. You, Jerry, are the doofus.
elaine: Oh, well, maybe I'll just go down there and thank him in person.
elaine: Kramer!
elaine: What are you doing?
elaine: You never said you were fighting children.
elaine: This is what you used to build me up? This is where you got all that stupid katra stuff?
elaine: Search... for Spock?!
elaine: (pushes him) You doofus!
elaine: Yep.
elaine: Shot.
elaine: Gone.
elaine: (raises her hand) Yo.
elaine: It's the Urban Sombrero. I put it on the cover.
elaine: (pointing a finger accusingly at Kramer) You! This is all your fault! You told me I could run the company!
elaine: Well, I'll see ya... (exits)
elaine: Well, that's...that's sweet.
elaine: Oh, hey, you know...I had a piece of whitefish over at Barney Greengrass the other day...
elaine: I really like the city.
elaine: Uh, it was in the Hamptons.
elaine: No, no, that's okay, it's uh...
elaine: The New Yorker has poetry.
elaine: They're my friends, but they act as if having a baby takes some kind of talent.
elaine: Why? Because I can?
elaine: Yes! I think I am better than the mollusk!
elaine: Oh, I'm sorry.
elaine: Yeah, like you must procreate.
elaine: Oh, it's been done to death. (smiles)
elaine: So, Kevin. If I don't want children, does that make me a bad humanitarian?
elaine: 'Cause, I mean, when you get to know me, you'll see that I'm a pretty good humanitarian. (Waitress comes to the table and pours more coffee.) You are doing a wonderful job, by the way. Thanks a lot. (To Kevin) Right? Am I right? (Kramer walks by.) Kramer. Kramer! Come here, look at my new friend Kevin. (Kramer and Kevin shake hands.) Oh, you got a little, uh...
elaine: Oh. Are you alright?
elaine: You know, Jerry has one of those every time he bombs on stage.
elaine: Oh, no...that won't last.
elaine: He's not ga-ga.
elaine: Well, I hear three distinct sounds. A low rumple...followed by a metallic 'squink'...
elaine: ...followed by a mysterious...'glonk.'
elaine: Well, one question does come to mind. Have you considered just...asking them what happened to the briefcase?
elaine: Ga-ga? When did that happen?
elaine: Well, maybe we should double. I'm pretty ga-ga myself.
elaine: Yeah, but we have a common goal.
elaine: Yeah, of course.
elaine: Oh, please. He wouldn't say that.
elaine: Oh, Kevin...you can go on and on about how you don't want kids...and it sounds, it sounds really nice, but...the truth is, I don't know if you mean it or not.
elaine: Although, I have a hunch you mean it.
elaine: I know, I don't want...(clears her throat)...kids.
elaine: Well, Kevin, maybe I have a little doubt. I mean, nothing is a hundred percent.
elaine: What?
elaine: Really?
elaine: You know, that's weird, actually, 'cause I'm sort of the same way. I mean once for like, no reason, I flattened my hair and I had all these strands hanging in my face all the time...
elaine: Sometimes I think about wearing my hair real short.
elaine: Yeah!
elaine: What are you guys doing here?
elaine: Why?
elaine: What?
elaine: I cut it.
elaine: Kevin's having his vasectomy reversed.
elaine: Look. Kevin. I really like you, heh, heh, uh. But, um, maybe we'd be, better off just being.. friends. (takes a bite of her sandwich)
elaine: Well. I mean. (distracted by the food) Oh, god. This tuna tastes like an old sponge.
elaine: (to JERRY) Remember I was telling you about Gillian, my friend who writes for the L.L. Bean catalogue? I really think you should give her a call.
elaine: (dry) I put her stats on the back.
elaine: (laughs in appreciation) You are not gonna believe this! I told him that I just wanted to be friends. He's fine with it. He really wants to be friends.
elaine: (dread) Uh. It's really not that bad, actually. He said he'd even go with me to the Museum of Miniatures. This is something you would never ever do.
elaine: (wry, not impressed) Well you cracked it! I warned the Queen you were gettin' close an', now it looks like we're gonna have to move the whole damn forbidden city. (chuckles with JERRY)
elaine: No, I need it.
elaine: (pause) Man, Hands?
elaine: (weary) (Look,) would you, prefer it, if she had, no hands at all?
elaine: Do uh, do hooks make it more attractive, Jerry?
elaine: (getting up to go) Uh.. Listen, you're picking me up from my (place tomorrow)--
elaine: Okay, I've got five, huge boxes of (buttons).
elaine: (weary) Jerry!
elaine: Where were you today?
elaine: Pick. Up.
elaine: So? Where were you?!
elaine: (irritated, throwing down her bag) I had to ask Kevin, to leave his office an' come an' pick me up!
elaine: Yeah! An' he is a friend, Jerry. He is reliable. He is considerate. He's like your, exact opposite.
elaine: (pause) Bizarro Jerry?
"elaine: (pause) Shouldn't he say ""Bad bye""? Isn't that the, opposite of ""Good bye""?"
elaine: Uh. Does he live underwater?
elaine: Is he black..
elaine: I know, he's so tiny!
elaine: (to self in head) Bizarro world..
elaine: (to self in head) This is unbelievable..
elaine: Well, I gotta say that I think that that is a fantastic idea, Feldman!
elaine: What are you gonna do down there?
elaine: (pause, then vaguely waves while watching them leave) Hello?
elaine: What? What is goin' on with you two?
elaine: All right, listen. Have you seen my addre-- (sees address book on counter) --ah! There it is. Okay. I got it. I'll see you later. (leaving)
elaine: (stops, pause) Well, I. (a little ashamed) I guess I been at Reggie's..
elaine: Kevin and his friends are nice people! They do good things. They read..
elaine: Books, Jerry.
elaine: Well! I can't spend the rest of my life coming into this stinking apartment every ten minutes to pore over the, excruciating minutia, of every, single, daily event..
elaine: I'll see you later man. I gotta go.
elaine: Jerry.. George, Kramer.. This is Kevin, Gene.. and Feldman.
elaine: (diplomatically to KEVIN, GENE, and FELDMAN) Could you guys excuse us, just for a moment.
elaine: (pause) Thanks. (to JERRY, GEORGE, and KRAMER) What.. what do you guys want..
elaine: (pause, turns back to JERRY et al.) Guys. I gotta go. Take it easy.
elaine: I'm, I'm sorry.. We've already got a George..
elaine: (off-camera) It's Lainey!
elaine: Hi (?). Oh! Oh-oh-oh-oh!
elaine: Okay. Hi Gene! (comfortably tosses her bag to the left, it falls on the floor) Uh-ha! (smiling, picks up her bag, puts it on a chair that's to the right)
elaine: What's up?
elaine: Eatin' olives.
elaine: Oh! (comes to him)
elaine: Get out! (pushes him back, but he falls back on the floor!)
elaine: Oh, Kevin! I'm so sorry. Is there anything I can do?
elaine: (turning to them, awkward) It's locked..
elaine: (Showing fingernails) Toxic waste green.
elaine: You know, revulsion has now become a valid form of attraction.
elaine: I had 'em done for the big Peterman bash I'm throwin'.
elaine: I drive my people hard, and then I reward them.
elaine: Exactly.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Uh huh.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: George, I just don't want you interfering.
elaine: Oh sure. Hey guys, I wanna make a toast. Um... Here's to us who wish us well, and those who don't can go to hell... All right, who's dancin'? C'mon, who's dancin'? You want me, You want me to get it started? I'll get it started. Whew! (She dances)
elaine: I'm tellin' you Jerry I'm gettin' a vibe. If I didn't know better, I'd say the staff completely lost respect for me. (Staff mocks her dancing in the background)
elaine: Jerry, it's like the feeling is palpable. You think it could have something to do with the party?
elaine: Ah, it's George. I bet you this is somehow George related.
elaine: He's like a virus. He attaches himself to a healthy host company, and the next thing you know, the entire staff's infected.
elaine: All right, Jerry, if that's not what it is, you tell me. What is it?
elaine: Oh yeah, sure, sure. So ah, did ya have a good time at the party last night?
elaine: Hey, did you happen to speak to my friend George?
elaine: Ah hah. Well, listen. You would be wise to keep your distance from him.
elaine: Oh he's not. He's very harmful.
elaine: Oh trust me. He's a bad seed. He's a horrible seed. He's one of the worst seeds I've ever seen.
elaine: Yeah, we're good friends.
elaine: Hey, have you seen Anna?
elaine: To meet George? I knew it. Where did they go?
elaine: Don't you see? George is in the bloodstream! You stay away from him, too!
elaine: (To George) Stay away from her.
elaine: (To Anna) Get in the car.
elaine: You heard me young lady, get in the car. (To George) And you, you should know better. I don't want you infecting my staff.
elaine: What? What is so funny?
elaine: At Yankee Stadium?
elaine: Oh really? 'Cause it looks a little big for you. It looks like something a short, stocky, slow-witted, bald man might wear.
elaine: Who did that? Who did that?!?
elaine: Well, I have lost complete control of my staff. Why did I let George go to that party? I mean, we were having so much fun. We were wining, we were dining, we were dancing. (She starts dancing, Kramer flips out) What?
elaine: It's dancing.
elaine: I dance fine.
elaine: He doesn't know what he's talkin' about. (Jerry fake laughs) Jer? Jerry, I'm a good dancer, right?
elaine: Jerry, do I stink?
elaine: But I really enjoy dancing.
elaine: It's that bad?
elaine: George, hi. I have Anna here. There's something I wanna say to both of you.
elaine: Uh, well, listen. I feel really horrible about trying to keep you two apart and I just wanted to apologize.
elaine: Well, George, I just want you to hear me say to Anna that you're a good and decent person.
elaine: I never should have given Anna the impression--
elaine: --that you're a bad seed, I mean, you're a fine seed.
elaine: What?
elaine: I'm trying to help. Why are you being so difficult?
elaine: George, I don't have time for this. Uh, Anna, do you wanna talk to George?
elaine: No, she doesn't want to. Okay, bye, George. We'll see ya.
elaine: Anna...
elaine: All right. Well, we'll talk about it tomorrow at the office. (Mr. Costanza enters)
elaine: All right. Wait a minute. I think you've got it backwards.
elaine: You got that right.
elaine: That means whatever the hell you want it to mean.
elaine: I could drop you like a bag of dirt.
elaine: Well, he wrote the check, and I cashed it.
elaine: Oh, Cry Cry Again, I wanna see that.
elaine: You were big.
elaine: Yeah, pretty much. Although I still get the vibe every once in a while.
elaine: Difficult?
elaine: Well it's, it's..... You know I noticed that somebody wrote in my chart that I was difficult in January of 92 and I have to tell you that I remember that appointment exactly. You see this nurse asked me to put a gown on but it was a mole on my shoulder and I specifically wore a tank top so I wouldn't have to put a gown on. You know there made of paper.
elaine: But it was in pen. You fake erase.
elaine: What are you writing? Doctor.
elaine: You are not going to believe what happened to me at the doctors office today.
elaine: No, no. I was looking at my chart and it said I was difficult. Why would they write that?
elaine: Then the doctor writes more stuff down and doesn't even look at my rash.
elaine: Oh come on. I'm not difficult. I'm easy.
elaine: Listen to me you little shi........
elaine: Oh it's my pleasure. I love these. In fact I got one at home. It's perfect when you just want to throw something on.
elaine: Where did you get my chart?
elaine: You know I can tell you my whole history. Let's just.......
elaine: Please, please. It's really, really itchy.
elaine: And then he starts writing on my chart.
elaine: You can't change your chart. It's your chart.
elaine: You are!?!
elaine: Yeah. I sent one to everyone I know. Remember my Christmas card.
elaine: Actually I thought he was very professional.
elaine: Oh yeah. In fact I like the picture so much I cropped out the nipple and am using as my health club ID.
elaine: Yeah it is nice actually.
elaine: I need to see Dr. Burke right away. This rash is spreading.
elaine: Oh come on. Have some compassion. Okay well I hope it's contagious
elaine: Come on. Move. (elevator doors reopen; Dr. Burke and two orderlies are revealed) Oh hi Dr. Burke. I didn't know if uh....
elaine: Oh please no more.
elaine: So it wasn't a bomb.
elaine: Well then what?
elaine: But he's okay?
elaine: Yeah I am still holding.
elaine: What?!? He doesn't have one appointment this whole month!?! Oh come on. I am dying here man. Hello, hello.
elaine: Jerry I am at doctor Zimmerman. I am at the end of the alphabet.
elaine: There on vacation. Every doctor in this city seems to know who I am .
elaine: Dr. Resnick. He's not listed.
elaine: Hello.
elaine: Yes. Who it this?
elaine: Yeah. What is this all about
elaine: Hello, hello.
elaine: Oh uh uh...
elaine: Leo. Has the doctor been in yet?
elaine: Okay listen Leo. Your hairless, your scared. When the doctor comes in let me do the talking. Okay.
elaine: I should have never left him alone.
elaine: I am his nurse... Poloma.
elaine: He has good days and bad.
elaine: And he's has a bit of a rash.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I don't like this, it is to easy.
elaine: Shut up! I think he's on to us.
elaine: Shhhhhh. Here.
elaine: Get in there. Get chart. Get out. You got it.
elaine: This.
elaine: Okay.
elaine: Benes. My last name is Benes you jackass. Yeah.
elaine: Where's my chart? Did you get it?
elaine: What? What happened?
elaine: Hey, Jer. Are you going to this Bob Sacamano party?
elaine: What? You're kidding, I just got this invitation today. Oh, I was so excited. It's really a beautiful invitation.
elaine: Wait a minute; this postmark is three weeks old. Man, this happens all the time. (Into intercom) Jeanine? Who the hell runs the mailroom?
elaine: Alright, send him up here.
elaine: I'm gonna do a little firing.
elaine: Oh yeah, sure. (hangs up) Gimme a break.
elaine: Oh, great. Send him in.
elaine: Eddie. Yes, um, I am so sorry but I'm afraid we're gonna have to... promote you.
elaine: Well, I called him all the way up to my office, so I had to tell him something important. So I promoted him.
elaine: Copywriter.
elaine: Well it can't be any worse than the pointless drivel we normally churn out.
elaine: I'm not Jewish.
elaine: (reading) At the Knights of Columbus?
elaine: (reading) A tempting schmear of authentic Jewish delicacies.
elaine: That's good work, guys. That aught to do it for today.
elaine: Oh, Eddie, well it's your first day.
elaine: Oh, okay.
elaine: What am I gonna do? He is a disaster.
elaine: You know what? You are exactly right. That is what I should do, I should promote him. I'll give him another office on another floor and he can sit there with his nice title and his bayonet and stop freakin' me out.
elaine: Before we get started, I am happy to tell you that Eddie Sherman is no longer writing for this catalog.
elaine: He's upstairs, I made him Director of Corporate Development.
elaine: Well, no, I would hardly--
elaine: Relax--
elaine: Well, hey? Hey. Hey!!
elaine: Oh.
elaine: You know, Eddie, that might be just a tad harsh for womenswear.
"elaine: Let's just replace ""hail of shrapnel"" and ""scar tissue"" with ""string of pearls"" and ""raspberry scones""."
elaine: I don't know how we did it, but there's some kind of chemistry between us, we turned out one hell of a catalog.
elaine: Hey Ed, let me ask you something. What's with the fatigues and all the psychotic imagery? Huh?
elaine: Come on, don't be a baby.
elaine: That's it?
elaine: Mm. This food is fantastic.
elaine: I can't get off the kishkas.
elaine: You're quitting?
elaine: Well, you can't quit, you're all I've got. I need you!
elaine: Ugh, the whole country's sick to their stomach.
elaine: What is this, a 'bit'?
elaine: 'Cos I'm not in the mood.
elaine: Yeah, I know that tone. This is a bit.
elaine: (tired) Alright, are you done with your little amusement?
elaine: It was okay, but move the 'medication for the well' to the front, and hit the word 'good' harder.
elaine: So, your firm designed all the furniture in here?
elaine: (as if she knows) Oh, Farbman.
elaine: Mm, love Farbman.
elaine: Wuh, if you call that living. (laughs) Ahaha.
elaine: Wouldn't it be great if Farbman designed shoes?
elaine: Brett? Don't you think that would be great?
elaine: Brett?
elaine: Huh?
elaine: He's not a jerk, Jer. He only works with Karl Farbman.
elaine: (dismissive) I dunno, some designer. Anyway, Brett is so generous, and sensitive. Last night he was moved just listening to a song.
elaine: Desperado.
elaine: Uh huh.
elaine: Uh huh.
elaine: That, had to be invented?
elaine: (skeptical) Oh hoh, really? Well, why don't we ask him about it?
elaine: Excuse me. Hey, how you doing. Uhm, my, uh, friend here says that he invented that little twirl you're doing.
elaine: (looking at Jerry) Ohh.
elaine: Alright, can we (glances at her watch) go?
elaine: What's with the claw?
elaine: Oh, Brett. (indicating) This is Jerry.
elaine: Have you seen the chest of drawers that Brett gave to Kramer?
elaine: You gotta see 'em. Beautiful.
elaine: Mmm. Brett, uhm, Jerry doesn't have a fax machine.
elaine: Oh. Jerry, you wanna join us?
elaine: (warning) Jerry.
elaine: Why? Why d'you think he's upset?
elaine: (romantic) We're not gonna talk about Karl Farbman all night, are we?
elaine: (surprised) Brett? Everything alright?
elaine: (worried) Brett! What is it? Is there someone outside?
elaine: (relieved) Oh. Oh, oh, phew. You know, for a minute there I thought it was like that urban legend about the guy with the hook who's hanging on the fender...
elaine: (apologetic, silently mouthed) Sorry.
elaine: Ah, I think I'm on the outs with Brett. I got shushed during Desperado.
elaine: He is just in his own world when he hears that song. It's like, I'm sitting there in the car, and he's.. out riding fences.
elaine: Yes. You're right. We need to find 'our' song.
elaine: (points) I like Witchy Woman.
elaine: You know, Witchy Woman. (sings) 'Ooo-ooh, wit-chay woman'.
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Fifty thousand yen? Isn't that only a few hundred dollars?
elaine: In them?!
elaine: Shh-shh! (smiling) What d'you think?
elaine: What are you doing? That's Witchy Woman. That could be our song.
elaine: Oh. Oh, then how about Desperado? (smiling) We can share it.
elaine: Brett said you ran away from him, as if he were the boogetyman.
elaine: Boogey?
elaine: No. He blew out my Witchy Woman, and he won't share Desperado. Hey, what d'you think of Oye Como Va?
elaine: (desperation) Well, I'm running outta guys here in this city, Jer!
elaine: Brett, believe me. You don't have to do this.
elaine: Uh, I promise you, Jerry is not jealous of Kramer's cabinet.
elaine: Jerry?
elaine: Jerry.
elaine: Calm down Brett, okay. You could have a concussion. Calm down. (holds Brett's head and sings) 'Desperado, mmm-mm-mmm. You better...'
elaine: What do you think of the catalog?
elaine: There, we just talked business.
elaine: Oh great, put it all on the Peterman account with the other stuff.
elaine: I'll take it.
elaine: Why not? (To the Sales Woman) And some hair for my little friend here.
elaine: ...and I brought I whole new set of cookware, and a Water Pik.
elaine: Sure. Water Pik, floss, Plax, brush, Listerine.
elaine: Well, at the latest. Oh hang on a second, I gotta another call.
elaine: Hello?
elaine: Oh hey! How things doing in accounting?
elaine: Well, I am the President.
elaine: Well, well isn't the president allowed to do anything that they want?
elaine: Good day.
elaine: Well, as you can see the comforter I expensed is actually the Aristotle goose down tunic. (laughs, modeling the comforter) What do you think?
elaine: Hmm. Well Mr. Ipswitch since everyone of my expenses was obviously for a legitimate business purpose.
elaine: The hat? Why do you need to see the hat?
elaine: What?
elaine: Ohh. (trying to control the Water Pik and shut it off.)
elaine: What do you mean you don't have the hat?
elaine: No dead! George, I need that Russian hat back!
elaine: Dial 9- MERLIN.
elaine: Hi, yeah, I'm Elaine Benes, we met at Barney's...
elaine: ... I'm a friend of George Costanza's. (while she is talking, she is dragging George in by pulling his ear)
elaine: Ah, (releases Georges ear) whether you're aware of it or not George had this pathetic little plan to, leave something behind so he could weasel a second date.
elaine: I know, he- he has a real confidence problem.
elaine: George...
elaine: ... Anyway I know you told him you didn't have the hat because you didn't want to see him again. And, more sympathetic I could not be. But, I really do need to have the hat back.
elaine: Well then you wouldn't mind if we took a second look around?
elaine: Uhhh...
elaine: This is an absolute disaster.
elaine: You stole her clock?
elaine: Well done. (pats George on the shoulder)
elaine: So I told Ipswitch I'd have the hat by this afternoon. What am I gonna do?
elaine: You look a little stressed.
elaine: So Kramer what am I supposed to do? If I don't have that fur hat by four o'clock they're gonna take me down like Nixon.
elaine: I thought he was Kramer's friend.
elaine: Forty bucks? Are they Sable?
elaine: Alright, lets give it a shot, lets go.
elaine: w-w- Well, that's a -ah, its kind of Sable.
elaine: That's a rat hat?
elaine: But, but, he's in the Burmese jungle.
elaine: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Can I fire you?
elaine: What?
elaine: Kneel?
elaine: Mr. Peterman.
elaine: You speak Burmese?
elaine: Ah.
elaine: No, you're the only, white poet warlord in the neighborhood. (laughs)
elaine: I - I work for your mail order catalog.
elaine: Well actually um, I do have a bill here. If you could just sign, this expense form, I think I could still make the last fan boat out of here.
elaine: Right... (nodding)
elaine: This the Urban Sombrero, I put it on the last catalog cover.
elaine: Mono? Huh, well, if anyone needs any medical advise, Elaine met a doctor. And he's unattached.
elaine: No, it's not debunked, it's totally bunk.
elaine: Huh?
elaine: Look it, I'm dating a doctor and I like it. Let's just move on. (Phone rings)
elaine: So do most doctors like ER or do you guys just think it's fake?
elaine: Oh, yeah. And I'm not really attracted to you.
elaine: When do you take this exam?
elaine: Well, you're basically a doctor. Right? I mean, people do call you doctor.
elaine: Well, can I introduce you as doctor?
elaine: All right, that's all I wanted to know.
elaine: So when they're handing you those cadavers, do you get to choose whether it's a man or a woman?
elaine: Oh my God.
elaine: It's Sue Ellen Mischke, this old braless friend I hate. (Elaine tries to cover her face)
elaine: Oh hi, Sue Ellen.
elaine: Well, this is my boyfriend, doctor Ben Gelfen.
elaine: Hey, stop kidding me. He's a doctor. He's a very good doctor.
elaine: Well, there's a doctor right here.
elaine: Can't you at least tell him what to do?
elaine: I hope Carlitto feels better. Ben really wishes he could've helped.
elaine: Oh he is. Kind of. I mean, I call him doctor. (She walks away and sees George sitting down reading books) George. (He holds up his hand to signal her to wait a second.)
elaine: What? What is with all these books?
elaine: What is your answer to number 74?
elaine: No! Hypocalimia, not medibolic acidosis. Duh!
elaine: Oh yes you are. We'll just stop having sex.
elaine: Portuguese?
elaine: How come he's gettin' so smart? I stopped having sex with Ben three days ago and I don't know no Portuguese?
elaine: I don't know. It's just the last coupla days my mind has been, not good.
elaine: What? What are you talking about?
elaine: I don't understand.
elaine: Hey, Ben. I need a four letter word. Winnie the blank.
elaine: Pooh...(laughing)
elaine: Not good. I'm a moron.
elaine: Well, that kinda brings us to why I'm here. You got eleven minutes?
elaine: I just wanna clear my head. It has nothing to do with you.
elaine: You could read the paper through the whole thing if you want.
elaine: Oh, all right. Is Kramer home?
elaine: Congratulations! You passed!
elaine: What? you're breaking up with me? But I sacrificed and supported you while you struggled. What about my dream of dating a doctor?
elaine: Look it, are we going to have sex, or not?
"elaine: Where is this guy?! (Checks her watch) I hate this! (Sighs) I shoulda brought something to read.. (Picks up a sugar packet) ""Cancer in labratory animals"".. huh."
elaine: Yeah?
elaine: (Shocked) Stabbed?!
elaine: That is not the point! The guy was stabbed!
elaine: Yeah, (Nodding) It turns out it was his ex-girlfriend.
elaine: Well, I don't know.. I mean, think about it, Jerry. There must be something exciting about this guy if he can arouse that kind of passion. (Obviously turned on by the stabbing) I mean, to be stab-worthy.. You know, it's.. kind of a compliment.
elaine: Andrea Doria? Isn't that the one they did the song about?
elaine: I think Gordon Lightfoot was the boat.
elaine: I love shrimp! (Waves her knife around as she's talking) I'm a shrimp eater. You put shrimp infront of me, (Waves her knife along with her hand gestures. Alan is getting edgy about it, and even more so with every wave) and I will eat it until my stomach pops! (Notices Alan's unsettled) Oh.. (Puts the knife down)
elaine: (Leans in close) Between you and me, what happened there with the stabbing?
elaine: What? Was she just so crazy in love with you that she just couldn't take it anymore? Or..?
elaine: (Gets up, pointing after Carol) Was that the one?! Was that the one who stabbed you?!
elaine: Right, so, I called my friend, you know - the one who set us up - I found out, he's a bad-breaker-upper.
elaine: (Fast) Well, you know when you break up, how you say things you don't mean? Well, he says the mean things you don't mean, but he means them.
elaine: Dump him. I can't be with someone who doesn't break up nicely. I mean, to me, that's one of the most important parts of a relationship.
elaine: (Confused by his sudden change-of-heart) What? Break-up? We went out on one date.
elaine: (Shows no sign that she cares) Alright, good. Good.
elaine: Pardon?
elaine: (Laughing out loud) That's it?! (Laughs again) That's the best you got?! (Laughs loudly as Alan exits)
elaine: Hawaii? That's why you're helping Newman with the mail?
"elaine: Well, anyway, get this I spoke to Alan. You know, I told him I didn't want to see him anymore.. He called me ""big head""."
elaine: (Agreeing) It's one of the nicest things anyone's ever said to me.
elaine: Is he not gonna go to the coffee shop?
"elaine: (Gives a ""That's a shame"" face) Alright, well, I'll see ya. (Opens the door to exit. Kramer enters coughing. Elaine does her best to dodge out of the way of Kramer's coughs, then walks off)"
elaine: What?
elaine: (Rubbing her head to relieve the pain) Really?
elaine: Nothing.. Except that a bird ran into my giant freak-head. (Sits down)
elaine: (Annoyed, near tears) The one that sits atop my disproportunately puny body.. I'm a walking candy apple!
elaine: (Realizing) What? Yeah.. you're right!.. All I have to do is call him up, and sit with him, and show him that it doesn't bother me. You know, laugh it off.. or jam a fork into his forehead.
elaine: (Getting up to leave) Alright.
elaine: (Shrugging it off) Oh, please.
elaine: (Casually playing along) So what?
elaine: (Suddenly angry) What?!
elaine: I'm sorry, I got really busy. How long did you wait?
elaine: Five minutes? That's it?
elaine: I could've! I mean, last week we waited for that friend of Kramer's for like, forty minutes.
elaine: So, the longer you know someone, the shorter you wait for 'em.
elaine: When did you tell George to be here?
elaine: About five.
elaine: Hey! Look who's here! Hey Kurt, this is Jerry, and George, and Kramer.
elaine: No, he just shaves his head. I think it's pretty gutsy.
elaine: What? Clinging to some scraps?
elaine: Oh, did you guys stop at the bodega today? Some moron bounced a clown check!
elaine: Hm. (looking at Kurt's driver's license photo) Hey, driver's license. Oh...my God.
elaine: Your hair. It's so thick and lustrous. I mean, it...it was.
elaine: Are you saying that I could be dating this hair? I mean wi..with you under it? (Kurt shrugs.)
elaine: Here. (Shows Kurt's driver's license to Jerry.) Take a look at that.
elaine: No! He's not bald. Look! He's got a full head of hair.
elaine: And he's growing it in just for me. (Happily) It's mine. It's all mine. (clutches the photo between her hands and to her chest then looks at it again)
elaine: It's not just hair! Look!
elaine: It's chestnut with auburn highlights!
elaine: You're not around women. You don't know how important a man's hair is.
elaine: I'm sorry, George, but it's true.
elaine: Ohhh, it's coming in already!
elaine: Wow, you have some very nice little seedlings here. Huh...
elaine: Well, it doesn't seem to be coming in so good over here. Or here.
elaine: Well, I don't know... h- how long have you been shaving your head for?
elaine: Huh.
elaine: Kurt? What's with the sweats? Aren't we going out?
elaine: You, uh...got a big stain on your shirt.
elaine: You already ate?
elaine: Kurt!
"elaine: Hey hey Kurt, slow down! I can't just marry you, whim-bam-boom! I mean, I need some ""fiance-time,"" I need some ""make-my-girlfriends-jealous"" time..."
elaine: Yeah, yeah, that too.
elaine: (sighs Wa-ah) I don't know...a year?
elaine: (sighs ahh) Could I see the ring again?
elaine: Well, it'll be a couple of years before he's completely bald. Those'll be good times.
elaine: Jerry, it's three-thirty in the morning. I'm at a cockfight. What am I clinging to?
elaine: Stop _ the _ fight!
elaine: Why? Why did you get into a fist fight with the cop? You were innocent!
elaine: So, how long are you gonna be in here for?
elaine: (sighs) So 10 to 14 months.
elaine: So, you understand how my Peterman stock options are gonna work?
elaine: Just, very interesting.
elaine: (looks for George) Mmm. (can't see him) Oh, um, I got it.
elaine: It's PLO blend.
elaine: Ohh, I got your coffee.
elaine: (waving away) Nah, nah, it's on me. (looks at her watch) Aww, man. Okay, listen guys, I'm gonna be late. (taking her cup of coffee) I'll see you, okay? (begins to walk away)
elaine: Bye.
elaine: Yeah, Kramer, come on in.
elaine: (unsure) Oh-kay.
elaine: Ah.
elaine: (confused) Jimmy legs?
elaine: (grasping the concept) Ohh.
elaine: Tell her after sex, you just want her outta there?
elaine: I don't think so.
elaine: (interrupting) Yeah. I gotta be honest with you Kramer. You might be more than just a coupla tweaks away from a healthy relationship.
elaine: (pointing to the door, angry) Alright, get out.
elaine: (impatient) Get out!
elaine: This is so nice of you to take us all out to dinner, George.
elaine: George, you didn't have to do this. I'm president of a big company. I can afford to buy you coffee.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Well, Mr Seinfeld, I..I'm not sure I understand why you want a job here.
elaine: Well, for one thing, you live in Florida.
elaine: (looking around her desk) Where is your resume?
elaine: Alright, Mr Seinfeld, I... What kind of position did you have in mind?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (interrupting) Alright. Alright, alright. You come in tomorrow, we'll find something for you to do.
elaine: Uhm...
elaine: (stunned) Mr Peterman. You're back.
elaine: (hardly daring to ask) What about my stock options?
elaine: Well, we could fly some fabric in from our silk factories, for about a thousand dollars a bolt.
elaine: (tactful) It's, ah, Asian-Americans.
elaine: Don't worry, I...
elaine: Okay, Mr Seinfeld, this is not the t...
elaine: (worried) No, no. Well, I mean, you know, he's more like an intern, you know, at best.
elaine: So, if your parents move to Florida, you're poor.
elaine: Obviously. And if they stay, you're rich, but...
elaine: Quite a dilemma. You know, I have a bit of a dilemma of my own.
elaine: Alright, this is easy. Let 'em go.
elaine: Alright, well, then they stay. Lemma ask you something...
elaine: Speaking of Jerry, his father is driving me so crazy down at Peterman's.
elaine: What?
elaine: (puzzlement) Huh? What does that do?
elaine: (grabbing her bag and coat) I gotta split.
elaine: Mr Peterman, that can't have been the only time that you faced mortal danger.
elaine: 'One bright note in today's market, was the stock of retailer J Peterman, whose founder's surprise return generated a rise of twelve and a half points.'
elaine: (downcast) Yeah.
elaine: (sharp) What, are you sticking it to me?
elaine: I think you're sticking it to me.
elaine: (leaning forward and accusing) Stickin' it!
elaine: Really?
elaine: So, were your parents shocked to see the Cadillac?
elaine: Hmm.
elaine: Oh. (laughs) Ha-ha. Hey. Yeah, yeah. (indicating shelf) This Vincent guy, he is the best. He and I have the exact same taste in movies.
elaine: Gene? Oh, it's so stupid and mainstream.
elaine: (reading) 'The Other Side Of Darkness'. Huh, I never heard of that one.
elaine: (gets Kramer's point) Hah.
elaine: (emotional) Oh. Oh, bravo, Vincent. Bravo. (sniffs)
elaine: What?
elaine: Who is it?
elaine: Of Vincent's picks?
elaine: He musta got my number off the computer. We ended up talking for, like, two hours.
elaine: Trying to meet him. He's never at the video store. They said he sets his own hours.
elaine: (tossing the ball back) Yeah.
elaine: (laughing to Jerry) Oh god, that guy's terrible.
elaine: Hey, how come we played at this crummy place instead of your club?
elaine: Ah.
elaine: So he was bad. What d'you care?
elaine: The executor? Of what?
elaine: There's a feather in your cap.
elaine: Who's Reilly?
elaine: How 'bout this one? How 'bout, 'Your cranium called. It's got some space to rent.'?
elaine: Me?
elaine: (smiling, flattered) Oh, ho, c'mon.
elaine: Ach, I don't like the sound of this one.
elaine: Yank it like (pops open soda can) you're starting a mower.
elaine: Bore-ing.
elaine: I'd stick.
elaine: (points to Kramer and smiles in agreement) That's right.
elaine: Oh, this is the one Vincent told me about. The Pain And The Yearning. (reads from the box) 'An old woman experiences pain and yearning.' A hundred and ninety-two minutes?
elaine: You know, these movies are great, but they're just so emotionally exhausting.
elaine: Really?
elaine: (laughs) Huh. (looks from tape to tape) Well...
elaine: Yeah, I could use a chuckle.
elaine: What're you getting?
elaine: Oh. How much you got left?
elaine: (at TV screen) Bernie is dead, you moron! (frustration) Just because he's wearing sunglasses he looks alive?! (picks up video box) Ugh, how long is this weekend, anyway? (reads from label) Ugh!
elaine: Hello.
elaine: Vincent?
elaine: (defensive) No, it doesn't mean anything. I'm not even gonna rewind it.
elaine: Vincent?
elaine: What? Betrayed? Oh, Vincent, I'm so sorry. I...
elaine: Kramer, do you have any idea what you've done?
elaine: What're you doing?
elaine: Wha..wha...?
elaine: (upset) Well, how am I gonna know what movies to see?
elaine: (dismissive) Gene's trash.
elaine: (forcing a smile) Hi.
elaine: (handing Jerry an envelope) Look what came in the mail today.
elaine: It's the play button, off his VCR.
elaine: Ohio?
elaine: See, there are no jerk stores. It..it's just a little confusing, is all.
elaine: Hello.
elaine: (surprised) Vincent. (pleading) Where are you? I have to meet you.
elaine: Vincent, listen, I won't judge you the way everyone else does. You're, you're strange and beautiful, and sensitive. (blunter) Now, let's have a look at you.
elaine: Hello? Vincent?
elaine: I got what you asked.
elaine: W..well, can't I come in?
elaine: (pleading) No, no. Vincent, I... Don't shut me out. (beseeching) I just, I know you feel what I feel.
elaine: (confused) Uh, uhm, I'm, I'm here to see Vincent.
elaine: Ahh-cnee.
elaine: (sick smile) We have the same taste in movies.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (to Jerry) Hi. (indicating Kramer) How's he doing?
elaine: Oh. (puts the VCR down) I thought a movie might cheer him up. I got him a Gene pick.
elaine: (evasive) I'm kinda off of him. (looking around) Uh, outlet?
elaine: Ah.
elaine: So, get this Mister Peterman is finally letting me do some real writing. He's got this book deal, for his autobiography. He's gonna let me ghost write it.
elaine: Hey!
elaine: What? What happened?
elaine: Mister Peterman, thanks for having me over. Your place isn't quite what I imagined.. (It's plain, with no sign of Peterman's personality)
elaine: Well, (Clears throat) what part of your life (hits the record button on a mini-recorder, and sets it down on the table) do you want to start with? Foreign intrigue? Exotic romances?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Well, Mister Peterman, do you want to, um..
elaine: get, um, started..
elaine: (After observing Peterman's home life) Well, I - I got ta tell you, Mister Peterman.. I don't think I see a whole book here.
elaine: You know, a friend of mine almost got beat up at that place by the Van Buren Boys?
elaine: Yeah. The only think that saved him is that he accidentally flashed their secret gang sign.
elaine: But, that didn't happen to you.
elaine: No, I - I really don't think you can do that.
elaine: You know what? Maybe I better talk to my friend.
elaine: No, uh, Kramer. I don't think -
elaine: Would you please just get on with the stupid Bob Saccamano story?!
elaine: What happened to Bob Saccamano?
elaine: Alright, well, now that's something..
elaine: (Adding) A train is bearing down on you?!
elaine: (Reflects on the story) I don't understand.. you were wearing the pants you were returning?
elaine: (Still confused) What were you gonna wear on the way back?
elaine: Alright, I think I got enough for one day.
elaine: (Mocking) Yeah, I'll chew on that.
elaine: Oh, thanks. I've got plans.
elaine: (Putting on her coat) Oh, you're getting together with some of your jackass friends, and you want me to take notes?
elaine: (Sourly) I'll make a note of it.
elaine: You can't tell that story now. It belongs to Peterman.
elaine: You signed the release.
elaine: He sat in mud. Not you.
elaine: (Stern) Ya didn't! You never sat in mud!
elaine: It ever happened! Understand?
elaine: These Kramer stories are unusable! (Thumbs through them) I mean, some of them aren't even stories! (Holds one out) Look, this is a list of things in his apartment!
elaine: How am I ever gonna turn this into a book?
elaine: Yes! I'm a writer.
elaine: Interesting! Of course! People love interesting writing!
elaine: What? Wheren't they just here?
elaine: Maybe we could all have dinner later?
elaine: How much did you pay for them?
elaine: Oh, what didn't you like about the first chapter?
elaine: Oh, no, no! That's where it gets interesting! Don't you see? The - the train is bearing down on you, you - you dive into a side tunnel - and you run into a whole band of underground tunnel dwellers!
elaine: Yeah.. yeah. I know. Um.. how about if, instead of.. diving from the train, you.. uh, you, I don't know, you slip and, and fall in some mud, and.. ruin your pants?
elaine: No, no. Mister Peterman, why don't we keep them - as a, as a reference?
elaine: Oh! These designs look great! Peggy, you really saved me.
elaine: (leaving with the drawings) Mr. Peterman is gonna love 'em.
"elaine: You won't believe this but, as I'm leaving, she calls me ""Susie."""
elaine: What am I, a--a bulimic, chain-smoking, stenographer from Staten Island?
elaine: Someone I know.
elaine: I'd rather not say.
elaine: (to say hello) Mmm! What's in the bag?
elaine: Lithe.
elaine: (rolling her eyes) Lithe!
elaine: Well, you two'll have a great time there.
elaine: Mmm!
elaine: Backless? Ya gonna back her in?
elaine: She's not gonna twirl--
elaine: (coming in) Uh.. Hi, Peggy. Um.. Look, I should have said this yesterday, but--
elaine: Yeah. See that--
elaine: Well. Well, I thought she did a pretty good Job..
elaine: (testy, leans into Peggy's personal space) Look-it. It's not Suze. All right? It's Su-zie. My name, is Su-zie!
elaine: Can you believe this woman?
"elaine: No. ""Suze!"" I mean, ""Suzie!"" ""Suzanne!"" ""Suzanna."" Fine! But there is no, way, I'm gonna be a Suze."
elaine: (tense) I mean--what am I--some pom-pom-wavin' Backseat Bimbo?!
elaine: Someone I know!
elaine: No, still Sharon!
elaine: Cheryl Miller's brother?
elaine: (same time as Jerry) --Wait, whoa--whoa--whoa--whoa!--
elaine: So that's it?
elaine: I didn't know Cheryl Miller's brother played basketball.
elaine: Mr. Peterman? You wanted to see me?
elaine: Su-sie?
elaine: (nit) It's Susie.
elaine: (dismayed) Ah, all o'--all of us?
elaine: (entering, uneasy) Mr. Peterman, Peggy, I.. guess we, should just get this over with. (sits)
elaine: Oh. No, we're not--
elaine: Look. (engaging smile) We don't have to name names, or, point fingers, or.. (breathes in) name names! (indicating empty chair) Me and her, have had our problems. She and I have had our problems! You and I, and she and you--
elaine: Yes! And I am convinced that if she were here with us today, she would agree with me, too.
elaine: (uh-oh) Her?
elaine: Ah--this is part of the problem!
elaine: (smiling, convincing) You're a, huuge part of the problem. But, I think that at it's core, this is a Susie-and-Elaine problem that requires, a Susie-and-Elaine solution! And, who better to do that than.. Elaine and Susie! Susie and Elaine!
elaine: (feigning hearing something) What?! Oh! Oh, I'm, coming! I--I gotta go. (rushes out!)
elaine: Well, I'm very fortunate to be surrounded by such stupidity.
elaine: Do you hear something?
elaine: Jerry, I don't know how much longer I can keep this up. They're starting to give Susie assignments now!
elaine: What?
elaine: I kinda like her.
elaine: Jerry--
elaine: (quiet) Oh, but I thought I was in line for that assignment.
elaine: All right, then, I was gonna wait, to tell ya this, but.. last night, Susie.. (difficult subject, quiet) she took her own Life..
elaine: (quiet) Look at this turnout.
elaine: (irritated) Your funeral's not gonna come close to this.
elaine: (quiet) Oh, oh--ho--I'm not Susie.. I'm Elaine.
elaine: Oh! Hadn't noticed! Excuse me. (she's going to the podium)
elaine: What can you say about a girl like Susie? (she doesn't know..)
elaine: And.. also, much like me, Susie hated going to the, Market.
elaine: Oh, god, yes, Mr. Peterman. (steps down)
elaine: Mr. Peterman.. (leaning forward, whispering) I'm Susie.. She's me..
elaine: (looks up, screaming in frustration!) Suuuuuuuuuuze!
elaine: Yeah, I'd like to place an order.
elaine: This Supreme Flounder, it says first time served in America. Is that true?
elaine: Forty-seven.
elaine: Uh, that's it.
elaine: Seventy-eight, West Eighty-sixth Street. Apartment three E.
elaine: I'm not below.
elaine: Your guy can't cross to my side?
elaine: Alright, fine. I'll just cross and meet him.
elaine: (using silly voice) Uh, yeah yeah. I'd like to place an order.
elaine: Oh. Oh, hi. China Panda?
elaine: I... thought that I would meet you halfway.
elaine: Oh yeah. (handing over money) There you go, keep the change. Bye now. I'll see you.
elaine: (at the boy's back) This isn't fair. This is address discrimination!
elaine: You still couldn't kiss her?
elaine: Oh, so now you're finding fault on a sub-atomic level.
elaine: Jer, do you see where this is going?
elaine: Jerry, you have tendencies. They're always annoying, but they were just tendencies. But now, if you can't kiss this girl, I'm afraid we're talking disorder.
elaine: And from disorder, you're a quirk or two away from full-on dementia.
elaine: Shall we stop and say hi?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Hi. I'm your neighbour, uh, fr... from across the street. And uh, (coughs nervously) I was wondering, if it wouldn't be too much trouble, if I could use your apartment to order some food?
elaine: You see, there's this certain flounder and they won't deliver it to my side of the street.
elaine: No, I just need them to deliver it here and I have to be kinda inside is all.
elaine: No, actually I'm... I'm just kind of hungry.
elaine: Well, the lock was broken. You just have to jiggle it, actually. But, I just need like a half an hour to an hour.
elaine: She won't even give you a hint?
elaine: You know what I bet it is? (points) Your remote.
elaine: (walking to the couch) Or, could be your walkman there.
elaine: Yeah, I am.
elaine: How are you gonna widen the lanes?
elaine: (into phone) Yuh, I'd like an order of supreme flounder, number forty-seven. Yeah, apartment one-Q.
elaine: That's the janitor closet, across the street.
elaine: It's better than eating it alone in the restaurant, like some loser.
elaine: (heading to door) How do you know about it? You're not in the delivery zone.
elaine: Well, mine's coming in ten, so... see you boys.
elaine: Hi. Sorry, I didn't hear you. I was in the shower.
elaine: I'll see you.
elaine: Uhm, nothing. I was just uhm... I wasn't in there.
elaine: Right, because... I'm the janitor. (picks teeth with fingernail)
elaine: (meek) Yes ma'am.
elaine: Oh it's you.
elaine: No, it's not here yet. You want the tour?
elaine: (gesturing) There's this.
elaine: (gleeful) The fish!
elaine: Ah, what're you doing here?
elaine: Uh, man!
elaine: I'm plumb out.
elaine: (to the guys) Uh, Mrs Allister. (louder) Yeah, uh, just coming Mrs Allister. (to guys) Okay, I've gotta get out.
elaine: Here, can you move, you gotta move from the door.
elaine: Hi, I uhm... What can I do for you?
elaine: Yeah, I am so sorry.
elaine: Well, a lot of it is vegetable...
elaine: (meekly) Yes ma'am.
elaine: (to Mrs Allister) Janitor's meeting.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Hi. Jerry, can I borrow your car?
elaine: I have to haul some dirty garbage to the dump.
elaine: Well, actually it's pretty grimy.
elaine: Well, I don't know who you are, but thanks for the car.
elaine: Bye.
elaine: Bye.
elaine: Hey, look at this. Wide lanes. This is so luxurious. Woo, yeah.
elaine: Where the cartoon candy's dancing and the Milk Dud's playing the banjo?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: The sax player?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: So?
elaine: HE's not gonna eat them. He's buying 'em for his Pepsi girlfriend.
elaine: He's a musician.
elaine: (indicating a movie poster) What about Sack Lunch?
elaine: Oh, c'mon Blaine. I mean, look at the poster for Sack Lunch.
elaine: (laughing) Don't you wanna know how they got in there?
elaine: (disappointment) Aww. Sold out.
elaine: So d'you think they got shrunk down, or is it just a giant sack?
"elaine: (very dissatisfied) Why is everyone talking about ""The English Patient, it's so romantic"". (vehement) God, that movie stunk!"
elaine: (firm) No you didn't.
elaine: How about, it sucked?
elaine: (aside) Huhh, getting the short end of that stick.
elaine: (handing over her money) Okay, one for Sack Lunch. (taking the ticket) It's good, right? (smiling) Yeah, good.
elaine: (surprise) Hey, what're you guys doing here?
elaine: They make it longer?
elaine: (shocked) Blaine!?
elaine: I thought you were busy tonight.
elaine: It's just a stupid movie.
elaine: (fierce) I will!
elaine: Ugh. You wouldn't believe it. My boyfriend dumped me. My friends, who I don't even like, they won't talk to me. (face-pulling) All because I don't like that stupid English Patient movie.
elaine: Oh, come on. Good? What was good about it? (scoffs) Those sex scenes! I mean, please! Gimme something I can use!
elaine: (calling after) Hey. You forgot about my piece of pie. Hello? (irritated) You know, sex in a tub. That doesn't work!
elaine: (hesitant) Well, uh, act..actually, I haven't seen it. So, I couldn't tell you whether I liked it, or whether it really sucked.
elaine: (shakes head) No.
elaine: (indifferent) Yuh.
elaine: (quiet vehemence) Oh. No. I can't do this any more. I can't. It's too long. (to the screen) Quit telling your stupid story, about the stupid desert, and just die already! (louder) Die!!
elaine: (shouts) I hate it!!
elaine: (shouts) Oh, go to hell!!
elaine: (grabbing her bag and coat) Great. I'll wait for you outside.
elaine: The only way I could talk him out of it was that I agreed to go and visit the Tunisian desert.
elaine: That's where they filmed the movie. It's supposed to inspire me.
elaine: I have to live in a cave.
elaine: (dread) No, no, no, no, no.
elaine: (cheering up) Ah, right! Aw, this is shaping up.
elaine: Oh, sure.
elaine: (uncomfortable) Ooh.
elaine: (annoyed) Aww, nuts!
elaine: Bye.
elaine: I'm going to take a little stroll through the park.
elaine: Yes, his name is Hal.
elaine: It's the next best thing to being alone.
elaine: You are kidding.
elaine: Oh, yeah, that's right. Those new kitchen cabinets. How is that coming?
elaine: Hey, Kramer, listen, you've seen the Omen right?
elaine: What exactly was that kid?
elaine: Well I don't care. It was delicious.
elaine: Wanna sit down?
elaine: Really?
"elaine: Oh those places have the stupidest names. Like, uh, ""Back in "", or ""Good Vertibrations""."
elaine: Uh, it was okay,. He's coming over later to watch a movie. Hey listen, what's better for your back? Couch cushions or a folding chair?
elaine: Uh, maybe we'll just stand and watch the tv. [knock knock]. I gotta go someone's at my door. Yeah!
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Mattress, I didn't order a mattress. Who sent this? Hal Kitzmiller?
elaine: I cancelled. Hal sent a mattress to my apartment. The nerve of that guy.
elaine: He's got a back problem.
elaine: After one date!
elaine: Kitzmiller.
elaine: I don't know. Chuck it?
elaine: Oh, all right.
elaine: You have a water bed?
elaine: Well, what did you intend, Hal?
elaine: Custom designed?
elaine: Uh, that is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me.
elaine: Oh, I love it. I'm glad . . . I kept it.
elaine: (on phone) Hey, Kramer, it's Elaine, thanks for bringing my mattress back. And I guess I'll just get my spare key from you - whenever. All right, bye.
elaine: Oh, this is a good mattress. Sniff, sniff, Ugh!
elaine: Jerry, Jerry.
elaine: What the hell is this? Where are you?
elaine: What is this. It's like you're selling movie tickets back here.
elaine: Hey, you're not going to believe what Kramer did to my mattress. . . . I can't talk to you like this. So Kramer completely funked up my mattress.
elaine: How did you know?
elaine: Oh, GREAT!
elaine: Hey, thanks for ruining my mattress. It reeks.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: It is obtrusive, isn't it?
elaine: I'm with you. I'm going back to my place.
elaine: I am totally loving it. Uh, you know  we should um  get going.
elaine: What smell?
elaine: No no, oh, you know what that is? I um, went claming the other day and I forgot to hose off my boots.
elaine: Yeah, clam and scallop. I clam and scallop.
elaine: Gotta get some of that stuffed crust pizza. cheese crust pizza.
elaine: I'll tell you something. It'll be years before they find places to hide more cheese on a pizza. Kramer!
elaine: Oh, hi. This is Hal. Hal, this is Kramer. Kramer, Hal.
elaine: You feeling jiff?
elaine: Oh, baby.
elaine: I wouldn't believe the Lumbar Yard wouldn't pick this up. Ug, oh, okay, . . .
elaine: Jerry you gotta help me. I threw my back out.
elaine: I am lying down. I am trapped under a funky mattress. I gotta go get a doctor or at least come over and roll this thing off of me.
elaine: Kramer.
elaine: I can't believe it. Hey, I'll meet you at the coffee shop.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: So what? When someone turns twenty-one, they usually get drunk the first night.
elaine: Tell that to my father. Anyway, guess what? Beth Lookner called me.
elaine: What are you talking about? That marriage ended six months ago. She's already remarried.
elaine: Anyway, Beth and her new husband Arnie have listed me a reference for an adoption agency. They're trying to get a baby. (Kramer and Mickey enter wearing the same shirt)
elaine: Hmm, turn around. (They turn around) Both so striking.
elaine: How did you decide which one of you would date which girl? (They pause then look at each other)
elaine: Oh, yeah, yeah.
elaine: Yeah, we got out to dinner a lot. Usually Chinese, well sometimes Thai. And we go to the movies, Arnie's a real film buff.
"elaine: Actually, I remember this one time, um, this is funny. Um, we went to see the movie Striptease. I don't know if you've seen... doesn't matter. Anyway, I was whispering something to Beth, and Arnie leens over to me, and he goes, ""Would you SHUT UP?!"" I mean, he barely even knew me. Where did he get ah-- But they're nice people. (Elaine tries to smile realizing her mistake)"
elaine: Why are you so concerned about this?
elaine: Hey, hey, hey!
elaine: Hey! Hold on a second. All right, look, I got an idea. Why don't you just show up early for your next date, sit across from each other, and see who the girls sit next to.
elaine: Beth, Arnie, hi. What's up?
elaine: Really.
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Uh, you know, I just told them what kind people you are and, uh, yada yada yada, that is it.
elaine: You see, I don't think it is a Catholic joke. I think it's more of a Raquel Welch joke. What was it? No, I said hand me the buoys. (Laughing) Bouys!
elaine: So what're you gonna do?
elaine: (Calling on phone) Hey, Beth, Arnie, it's Elaine. Um, thought you guys might wanna have lunch. Gimme a call. Bye.
elaine: Thought it would be nice.
elaine: Hey, Arnie's just as upset.
elaine: (Raising hand) I've yada yada'd sex.
elaine: Yeah. I met this lawyer, we went out to dinner, I had the lobster bisk, we went back to my place, yada yada yada, I never heard from him again.
elaine: No, I mentioned the bisk.
elaine: Well, I don't know. I mean, I talked to him and, blah blah blah, he asked about you guys and, da da da da da, more questions, bleh bleh bleh....
elaine: Again you are telling me to shut up?
elaine: You yelled that time at the movies. That's why you're not getting the baby.
elaine: Look, I'll go down and talk to this adoption guy and I'll make sure that it all gets worked out.
elaine: See, again with the yelling. Not a fan of the yelling.
elaine: One little baby, whatever you have in stock.
elaine: Look it, look it, Ryan. These people are gettin' a baby. Period. Now we can do this the easy way, or we can do this the fun way.
elaine: Hey Jerry. What are you doing here with Beth?
elaine: So they don't want a baby?
elaine: (Realizes her mistake) I think I'm gonna be sick. (George enters alone)
elaine: Nice looking family.
elaine: Where's Beth?
elaine: Uh, excuse me.
elaine: Uhm, I just have a question.
elaine: (walks up to counter) Helloo? I'd like to buy these hirachis.
elaine: (shouts) HEY!!
elaine: (tosses the hirachis onto the counter) Nothing. You, just lost a customer.
elaine: Alright, I have had it with those Mayans.
elaine: (unfolding chair) You know that store, Putumayo? (sits) I was trying to buy these hirachis, right, and the saleswoman just completely ignored me.
elaine: No, no, not Putumayo.
elaine: What'd you have?
elaine: Hey! See these? (raises her foot so her new hirachis can be seen) Cinqo de Mayo! Sales commission, bye-bye-o! (waves)
elaine: Shove it!
elaine: I got all this junk at Cinqo de Mayo, because I was trying to show Putumayo how much business they'd lost. I mean, I been dancing (demonstrates dance) and strutting in front of their store for two days.
elaine: Hey, you know what? Newman sent me an invitation already, to his party.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: No, no, no no, listen to me. I work in fashion. Together, we can drive Putumayo outta business and make Cinqo de Mayo numero uno... de Mayo.
elaine: (puzzled) You? What're you doing here?
elaine: No you don't. You own Putumayo. Unless you own both stores. (laughs nervously)
elaine: Ah, this really sticks in my craw.
elaine: (neutral) Okay.
elaine: (neutral) Fine.
elaine: (neutral) Alright.
elaine: (following Kramer to the door) Okay. Kramer, Kramer, wait a minute. Do you still have that pricing-gun?
elaine: Okay, I need you to help me put Putumayo outta business.
elaine: That place is about to have the sale of the century. Nothing over ninety-nine cents.
elaine: Come on, what is taking you so long?
elaine: Plan B? There is no plan B.
elaine: What?!
elaine: That's not gonna do anything.
elaine: Alright. Forget it!
elaine: You have screwed me again, Pennypacker!
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Where's Jerry?
elaine: No. No no. Actually I kind of need to speak to you.
elaine: Kramer, ahem, remember that whole deal with you selling Peterman your stories for his book and then he gave them back to you?
elaine: Well I was kind of, hehehe, short on material and I, um, I put them in the book anyway.
elaine: Kramer listen, it is such a stupid book. It doesn't matter.
elaine: He's doing a book signing at Waldenbooks this afternoon.
elaine: Mr. Lippman, how are you?
elaine: What are you doing here?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: That was me. I'm sorry. I don't like the stumps.
elaine: Oh yeah. It's the best part. It's crunchy, it's explosive, it's where the muffin breaks free of the pan and sort of (makes hand motions) does it's own thing. I'll tell you. That's a million dollor idea right there. Just sell the tops.
"elaine: ""Top of the Muffin to you!""?"
elaine: Mr Lippman?
elaine: This was my idea you stole my idea.
elaine: Well if that air is comming out of this face then it is my air and my idea.
elaine: Peach.
elaine: So? What do you want me to do about it?
elaine: Mr. Lippman, when I worked for you at Pendent Publishing, I believed in you, you know as a man of integrity. But, I saw you in that paper hat and that aprin...
elaine: Deal. Here's your problem. You're making just the muffin tops. You've gotta make the *whole* muffin. Then you... Pop the top, toss the stump. Taste.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I don't know, give em to a soup kitchen.
"elaine: And one more thing, you really think we need the exclamation point? Because, it's not ""Top of the Muffin *TO YOU!!!*"""
elaine: Wow. Look at this. We're cleaning up.
elaine: Oh, hi.
elaine: You been enjoying them?
elaine: Well they're perfectly edible.
elaine: If the homeless don't like them the homeless don't have to eat them.
elaine: Fine.
elaine: We were just trying to help.
elaine: I think I might.
elaine: Ooh, I've got stump troubles. The Sanitation Department won't get rid of them all, I can't get a truck to haul this stuff until next week. Meanwhile, I'm sitting on a mountain of stumps.
elaine: Bus? Wait a minute, wait a minute, bus? You've got a bus?
elaine: You got any room on that thing?
elaine: Do you think you could transport some stumps for me? I'll make it worth your while.
elaine: No they don't.
elaine: They call him a Cleaner. He makes problems go away.
elaine: In the back.
elaine: ...and then Peterman ate it. I never told him.
elaine: Who's that?
elaine: Better call the zoo.
elaine: What?
elaine: It's like she's carrying invisible suitcases.
elaine: Yes, exactly.
elaine: Right. So why I'm the one who gets 'reer'. You know I mean they were being as catty as I was. It's a double standard.
elaine: That is so stupid.
elaine: You're going to the Tony's too?
elaine: How did you get that job?
elaine: Well, You might wanna think about...maybe, eh...moving your arms a little when you walk.
elaine: You know, sort of swing them, so your not lurching around like a caveman.
elaine: No no no no, it's just...
elaine: Sam, listen I'm so sorry about the other day.
elaine: See, yeah, that's all I was saying.
elaine: Well, you seem to be getting a hang of it...
elaine: This. My office. Sam trashed my office.
elaine: Mr. Petermen, this is not a cat fight. This is violent psychotic behavior directed at me all because are told her to swing her arms.
"elaine: Do you mean ""reer?"""
elaine: Oh, no please Mr. Peterman, she's crazy! (Sam walks by and Elaine starts to sing) Crazy for feelings...
elaine: Jerry, that crazy straight-armed woman down at Peterman's trashed my office. And then listen to this; this is message she left me.
elaine: She must've got a blueprint of the building or something.
elaine: Well, I tried, but he thought it was some sort of cat fight.
elaine: Ok, why? Why do guys do this? What is so appealing to men about a cat fight?
elaine: Can't you do anything about this? I mean this woman is a psycho!
elaine: Look, just because I'm a woman...
elaine: Would you just keep an eye out for this woman. She's about ye high and eh, she doesn't swing her arms when she walks.
elaine: Like this...(imitates the walk with her arms hanging.)
elaine: Aren't you Raquel Welch?
elaine: Nothing, I wasn't just moving my arms...
elaine: Raquel Welch!
elaine: Yeah, I bumped in to her on the street. It got pretty ugly.
elaine: My god, George!
elaine: Wow, invitations again...
elaine: All right, well...you want to grab some coffee?
elaine: We have to break up.
elaine: I can't take this anymore! I don't want to hear how interesting the change with the hole in it is! And if you tell me what time it is in New York again, you are going home in a body bag!
elaine: Okay, alright listen. Forget about The Gap because we are through!
elaine: Fine!
elaine: (to flight attendant) Hey, you gonna bust out that drink cart or what?
elaine: (to another passenger) Huh. You believing this?
elaine: You missed quite a performance.
elaine: (to passenger) Oh? You know my last boyfriend, he had a real kroner comprehension problem. Know what I mean? A real cement head.
elaine: (grabbing Puddy) What are you doing?
elaine: By making time with some floozy across the aisle?
elaine: This guy? He's an idiot. he doesn't mean anything to me.
elaine: Well maybe I feel the same way.
elaine: Ok, so now what?
elaine: I can't believe we broke up like that.
elaine: Do you want something to read?
elaine: Well, are you going to take a nap or --
elaine: You're just going to sit there staring at the back of a seat?
elaine: That's it! I cannot take this! I mean, look at this, nothing has changed. We've been back together two hours, we're having the same problems we had 12 hours ago.
elaine: Oh, please! I took you back. You know it, I know it, Vegetable Lasagna here knows it.
elaine: Ugh, I hope a giant mountain rises out of the ocean and we just ram right into it and end this whole thing!
elaine: Jerry.
elaine: Awful. This trip was a *huge* mistake. Huge!
elaine: It's Vegetable Lasagna.
elaine: Vegetable Lasagna!
elaine: Shut up or I'll snap you in half and stuff you in the overhead!
elaine: David, this has been the worst month of my life and if I never see you again it'll be too soon.
elaine: Oh that's origi-
elaine: 86th and Broadway please.
elaine: Oh no.
elaine: Noooooooooooo!
elaine: Hey
elaine: Whats that?
elaine: Well, Im sure its stupid. Its not about me, is it?
elaine: Tell me!
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: How is it talking?
"elaine: Oh I gotta start taking these ""stupid"" warnings more seriously."
elaine: My Puddy? But we broke up.
elaine: Im doing great.
elaine: What?
elaine: David and I will not be getting back together.
elaine: What about you? You were even engaged, and you cut it off just like that.
elaine: You want to bet?
elaine: 50
elaine: All right. Witness? (looks at George).
elaine: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o!
elaine: (looking VERY guilty) I went out with a (fake cough) a friend.
elaine: (looking guiltier) No, nono.
elaine: (laughing).
elaine: Oh, you know I wear these shoes all the time.
elaine: Its the new look. You know Heroin Cheek?
elaine: Nothing, nothing.
elaine: (screams).
elaine: No! Its an isolated, sexual incident. We are not back together!
elaine: It was no big deal OK? I mean we fooled around, then we went out and grabbed a little dinner.
elaine: Ugh!
elaine: Hey!
elaine: No money, I am Puddy free. So, are we eating or what?
elaine: I am not calling Puddy. What did I do with my gloves? Oh, I bet I left them over at Puddys. I should call him. I need those gloves. No, I better not. Ill call. (looks at table) Oh, look at that! There are the gloves. I was just about to call. There they are. Thats funny. Thats really funny. Thats really really funny. You know who loves funny stories, David Puddy. (Picks up phone).
elaine: See, this is what Jerrys doesnt understand. We can see each other. We can see each other every day, but it doesnt mean we are back together.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Well, either way
elaine: David
elaine: Alright thats it! Were back together!
elaine: Oh, yeah.
elaine: Get those clothes off. Youre going to spend the night and were going to cuddle.
elaine: You heard me. Strip!
elaine: Still?
elaine: Alright, here you go, choke on it (hands him money).
elaine: Yeah, well not for long. Im breaking up with him.
elaine: Double or nothing.
elaine: Alright, Im out of here.
elaine: I dont think so David, were through.
elaine: Whew that was a dozy.
elaine: Book it.
elaine: David I know this hurts, but its the way it has to be (Puddy is giving her a look like hes going to still get some).
elaine: Im going to get some popcorn.
elaine: So, how did it end?
elaine: uh.
elaine: Listen David, Ive got to run. Can you lend me fifty bucks?
elaine: See, this is good. This is the way it should be. You know why are we fooling ourselves. We belong together.
elaine: Ah nuts!
elaine: Where are they goin'?
elaine: (Laughing) That's funny. Hey, listen, what are you doin' Saturday night?
elaine: I need someone to go with me to Mr. Lippman's son's Bar Mitzvah.
elaine: (Taking out Boggle) Oh, I don't think that's possible.
elaine: Congratulations, Mr. Lippman.
elaine: Oh, congratulations, Adam. (Adam zealously French-kisses Elaine)
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: And I think he's been telling his friends. I got invitations to six more Bar Mitzvahs. (phone rings)
elaine: Where did that come from?
elaine: No.
elaine: So Adam, I just talked to your father, and, apology accepted.
elaine: Yeah, I know. Uh, by the way, could you do me a favor and tell Mitchell Tanenbaum that I will be unable to attend this Saturday.
elaine: I am, but that is not the point. You are thirteen, and I am in my early... 20s.
elaine: No. You are not a man. It takes a *long* time to become a man. I mean, half my friends aren't even there yet.
elaine: (Eating) Walnuts, mmmmmm.
elaine: Adam, you don't become a man overnight. Look at your father. It takes time. Patience, experience. Uh, several careers of varying success. And these are things I look for in a man.
elaine: Well, I'm sorry, sir, I tried.
elaine: Uhh. I guess so. Why? (Mr. Lippman vigorously starts making out with her)
elaine: (Coming in Jerry's apartment) Hey. Happy New Year!
elaine: Did you and Patty just break up?
elaine: Well, then you're free tonight. You know what, I heard about this great place called La Caridad.
elaine: Whoa. What is the matter?
elaine: Jerry, you break up with a girl every week.
elaine: Oh my God. You're crying.
elaine: So now the *other* Lippman kissed me.
elaine: What?
elaine: I know what it means, but what does being a shiksa have to do with it?
elaine: Oh, that's insane.
elaine: I am not buying a computer from you.
elaine: (Pausing) Even so.
elaine: Don't get me wrong, Mr. Lippman. I-I'm very flattered that you found me attractive enough to... lunge at me. Huh. But the only reason you like me is because I'm a shiksa.
elaine: If you weren't Jewish, you wouldn't be interested in me.
elaine: Oh, no. Don't!
elaine: Oy vey!
elaine: (Enters) Hey, what happened to you?
elaine: Well. You are not gonna believe this. Now Lippman is renounced. This shiksa thing is *totally* out of control. What is *with* you people? What are you looking at?
elaine: Oh, no. Jerry, I can't take any more gentle sobbing.
elaine: Do you have an apple or anything?
elaine: Or a nectarine? I would absolutely love a nectarine.
elaine: Why am I in such a fruit mood? Ahh, banana!
elaine: What?
elaine: Uhh, Jerry, I've got a lot goin' on with, uh, Lippman right now.
elaine: (Trying to get her bag to leave) Yeah, and him too. What?! Oh, yeah! I think George is calling me, so I'm gonna go give him a hand. Come on! Come on!
elaine: No. Stay! Stay. Stay.
elaine: Rabbi, is there anything I can do to combat this Shiks-appeal?
elaine: Well, something's goin' on here, 'cause every able-bodied Israelite in the county is driving pretty strong to the hoop.
elaine: (About to leave) Well, what does that have to do...?
elaine: All right, Jerome, I'm in.
elaine: Maybe we should get married. Maybe everything we need is right here in front of us. Jer... let's do it.
elaine: What? What happened to the new Jerry?
elaine: Oh, well that's just *great!*
elaine: Well, that's because you're an idiot.
elaine: Yeah...
elaine: I know, I'm glad I got to see him before he hit puberty and got, you know all lurchy and awkward.
elaine: Tomorrow evening, sure.
elaine: Do I know anyone??
elaine: Can you believe that, Vivian doesn't think I'm responsible?
elaine: I couldn't raise a kid? Come on, I love bossing people around.
elaine: You just left? What did you tell her?
elaine: I think you're getting a little pudding under the skin yourself.
elaine: Hey, working out?
elaine: Vivian left me a message. I guess a certain someone changed her mind about whether someone was responsible enough to watch certain other someone.
elaine: No.
elaine: Vivian, hi it's Elaine. Yeah, I'm over at Jerry's, I got your message...What? Yeah, he's right here, hold on...(hands the phone to Kramer.)
elaine: You? I'm more responsible than you are!
elaine: Kramer...
elaine: It is me, you idiot. Hi, all right you've got to get out of here, I'm gonna baby-sit the hell out of that kid.
elaine: No no no, you're out, I'm in. Now, hit the road.
elaine: Kramer is actually sleeping one off, so I thought that I'd help out...(Kramer moans from the bushes) what's that, some raccoon or something...(hits Kramer with a broom.)
elaine: Hi Jimmy. (Jimmy kicks Elaine to the shin.) Ouch! (The screen door hits her in the head.)
elaine: I wish I was dead.
elaine: As long as you don't put...
elaine: Thanks for the re-fill.
elaine: Oh, he's...he's a joy...
elaine: Oh, handful of sunshine. I wish I could do this every day.
elaine: It's not serious, is it?
elaine: Oh yeah, that eh...that is nice to know. (Pours the juice from the bag back to glass.)
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Oh, just great. I found out that Vivian has some kind of medical problem and if the worst happens she wants me to take care of Jimmy.
elaine: It doesn't matter. If anything happens to her, I'm on deck! Scissors mishap, air show disaster, chinese organ thieves...it's a dangerous world.
elaine: Oh, hi, oh God. I didn't here you come in.
elaine: I don't know, I don't know...we had HoHos for dinner and then eh...and then he put this plastic bag over his head and started running around until he got tired and then he laid down somewhere I...I tell you I'm no good watching that kid.
elaine: No! I'm a scatter brain. That's why I probably can't hold a job or keep a man!
elaine: All right, but I'm running out of purses here. (takes her purse from a punch ball.)
elaine: Jerry, I tell you; if this woman dies, it is going to be a major inconvenience.
elaine: I mean I can't shake this woman. You know, now I have to go to Jimmy's birthday party.
elaine: No matter what I do, I cannot weasel out of raising this kid.
elaine: Yeah, that's what I need; a pinch weasel.
elaine: Vivian...
elaine: Hi! This is my friend George.
elaine: I'm gonna go say hi to Jimmy.
elaine: (whispering to George) You're up.
elaine: So how long did they drag you?
elaine: Hi George. Hi Jimmy.
elaine: Mmm. De-lish.
elaine: Delish. You know, short for delicious.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (passing him the ketchup) Oh, sure.
elaine: (enters) Well, gentlemen. Lainie is... in love.
elaine: Hey, hey, hey! I met this guy! And it was like this, totally unreal, fairy tale moment.
elaine: Oh, George's friend. Whatever happened to him?
elaine: Oh, yeah... Puddy. Well, I won't fire him until I see if this new guy can... handle the workload.
elaine: Well, just tell him you want the SAAB.
elaine: Well, I have an idea. Keep the van, and get a bumper sticker that says, 'If this vans a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'.'
elaine: Okay, Jack. (to the cashier) Can I use your phone?
elaine: Hey, Jerry. I'd like you to meet someone. This is Jack. (Heraldic harp sounds as Jerry looks at Jack's face)
elaine: (enters) Hey.
elaine: Isn't he the best?
elaine: Oh, right now he's a fact checker for New York Magazine. It's not much, but it has a certain type of quiet dignity.
elaine: Oh, no.
elaine: Look, I'm sorry, Puddy. It-it was a mistake. So, let's just put it behind us, and we can continue like this never happened.
elaine: You're not taking me back?
elaine: He's not idiotic. He's the Wiz. And nobody beats him. Nobody...
elaine: So I told him, 'Hit the road. I'm going back with Jack.'
elaine: Really, what was the first?
elaine: What?
elaine: Well what, what about your fact-checking job?
elaine: Hey Walter, what is the deal with that guy?
elaine: (exhales)
elaine: You've been an enormous help.
elaine: Hey. What's going on?
elaine: No, Castro.
elaine: All because of this creepy new guy at work. He just - he just comes out of nowhere and he's right next to you!
elaine: That's right! He's a real sidler. (points at Jerry)
"elaine: Wha-You never see him. He sidled me again in my office. I was sitting there making Cup-A-Soup singing that song from ""The Lion King""."
elaine: I thought I was alone.
elaine: Would you just, let it go?
elaine: Ehnn! This chair smells like garbage.
elaine: (giggles)
elaine: Mr. Peterman, here are these pages that you wanted.
elaine: What? (with arms crossed, she turns quickly and )
elaine: Jerry. Oh there - -
elaine: (clears throat) (to Jerry) Well, I'll tell ya, this sidler guy is really chapping my hide.
elaine: Well, he's getting credit for work that I did! He's gonna sidle me right out of a job.
elaine: Kramer, what is wrong with you?
elaine: Well, for starters, you're looking at note cards
elaine: (to Jerry) I'm gonna have to give that guy a taste of his own medicine, so, I am going to sidle, the sidler.
elaine: Not with these honeys. ... Wrestling shoes!
elaine: (winks and clicks) Thank you. ha ha ha ha. (sits down)
elaine: Well, I guess we'll just have - (Lou has left) Ohh, just gimme that. (takes the papers and walks away)
elaine: Yes, Lou. (exhales) You've got a lot going for you. You're um ... you're spontaneous. You're, symmetrical. You're, uh, ... (spins around as Lou is behind her now) Ehh - you're very quick, aren't ya. Um, It's just that your...
elaine: No. Your. (breathes)
elaine: Uuhhh.
elaine: Well, you should never ever go anywhere, (shakes a box of Tic Tacs) without these.
elaine: Hey! (startles Jerry and George) ha ha ha ha. Nice sidle, huh? Speaking, of which I think Ive got that problem, solved.
elaine: He's a human maraca.
elaine: You took him over to Celia's?
elaine: What about the woman who's been drugged and taken advantage of?
elaine: I think it's unconscionable.
elaine: EZ Bake oven?
elaine: Who wants cupcake?
elaine: Why is your father giving a tour of a rest stop?
elaine: What?
elaine: No, no, Mr. Peterman that wasn't me!
elaine: No Mister Peterman.
elaine: (pushes Lou into the room) Lou! In here! (closes the door) We have to talk.
elaine: (Takes the Tic Tacs away from Lou) Ooh, stop it! Bad voodoo. You gotta stop using these.
elaine: Because they're turning your teeth green?
elaine: O-kay ... well then your teeth are green for a different reason. You just gotta stop carrying these, okay? Just ... just mouth wash.
elaine: Binaca?
elaine: Right, right, cankers. Um, I got it! Chew gum!
elaine: Well, stinky, this is your lucky day.
elaine: Oh well, hey, I dated Jerry too. I-I know what a monster he can be. More wine and turkey?
elaine: Oh, he's nobody. Hey, listen, ... let me top that off for ya. (pours her glass of wine into Celias glass)
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Look, this is crazy, I can't go on like this.
elaine: I need some space.
elaine: I hate this.
elaine: No, I don't want this anymore.
elaine: I can't breath...I'm sorry...(Elaine wakes up) You're killing me!
elaine: (Banging the wall) Turn your alarm off!! (Screams)
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Yeah, that's pretty good.
elaine: Sara Sitarides?
elaine: Oh...(falls in to the sofa.)
elaine: You remember that next door neighbor of mine, the apartment that always smells like potatoes?
elaine: This jackass goes to Paris, leaves the alarm on. It's been beeping since 330 this morning.
elaine: How do you do that?
elaine: I know, I know, this is it. (points to a door.)
elaine: I think I'll let you do it.
elaine: No, I really don't want to.
elaine: I thought you had done this before.
elaine: Well, how are we gonna do it?
elaine: Are you okay?
elaine: The cat.
elaine: Kramer, my neighbor has a cat. When you blew the power, we must've shut off the automatic feeder.
elaine: What did he do about it?
elaine: Well, this meowing is absolutely worst than the alarm.
elaine: Yeah, how's the doctor date?
elaine: Well, she's very focused. Dermatology is her life.
elaine: Yes, she's a dermatologist.
elaine: Where are we going?
elaine: Can it cut that thin?
elaine: How did you know you cut it?
elaine: Hold on kitty, dinner's coming.
elaine: Alright, let's do it.
elaine: Come on, come on kitty...(slice disappears) ooh...how about that; it worked! Wow, can I borrow that thing for a while?
elaine: Why not?
elaine: What do I have to know?
elaine: Right there.
elaine: Right there.
elaine: You were right Kramer, this slicer is absolutely amazing...yeah, yeah...no no no I'll bring it by tonight...ok bye.
elaine: These heals are so uneven. (Watches the slicer.)
elaine: Pliers?
elaine: Got it.
elaine: I...eh...I got a piece a my heal stuck in a slicer.
elaine: Okay, I got a little slicer happy, but listen; don't tell Kramer, okay? He has very strong feelings for it.
elaine: Of course she treats skin cancer. That's how I met her, she was doing a skin cancer screening at Peterman. That's what dermatologists do.
elaine: Aha.
elaine: I don't know, I guess.
elaine: You have a little thing for this fella'?
elaine: Aah, I forgot it. I gotta get home.
elaine: Umm, I'm not actually going straight to home, I have to first stop at the eh...circus, you know with all the...clowns.
elaine: Out, damn heal!
elaine: Kramer?
elaine: Just hold on!
elaine: Nothing...(heal comes loose and Elaine opens the door.) Here, ok I'm on the phone alright? I'm on the phone with someone...
elaine: Phone call! I'm in a big phone call!
elaine: Oh, that's fantastic.
elaine: This is it. I can take this anymore.
elaine: Yeah, hello is this Allied Lock Smith?! Oh, finally, listen I need someone to come over here right away!
elaine: I am getting a lock smith, alright?! Relax!
elaine: Yeah, the address is 78th West...
elaine: Um, what was that last thing you gave me? That was pretty good.
elaine: Can I have a zip? (Sticks a straw out from keyhole.)
elaine: (Aggravated) George, I just got off a twenty-three hour plane ride. I'm too tired to even vomit at the thought.
elaine: I don't want to talk ab-ow!-t it! (She winces under the pain from her nose on the word 'about')
elaine: She.. was.
elaine: No, no, no! It was years ago - before you met him. And, and I - I got to tell you.. it was very mechanical.
elaine: (To Jerry and George) Idiots! This is all your fault!
elaine: (To Sue Ellen) See? See the way they are?! We're - we're still best friends, right?
elaine: (Whispering to Jerry) Hey.
elaine: What happened last night?
elaine: (Gesturing to her nose stud) I know. I woke up with this.
elaine: (Seeing George, she walks over to greet him) Hey. (Looking at his shoes) Are those Timberlands ... painted black?
elaine: (Embarrassed) I should.. (Walks toward the bride and groom)
elaine: (From the front of the room, she can hear George and Jerry's heated discussion) Hey! Shhhhh! (Crosses herself, then shakes her head - apologizing)
elaine: Hey! Monkeys! Knock it off. My best friend is trying to get married up here!
elaine: (Definite) I'm not gonna sleep with you.
elaine: Would you grow up, George?! What is the difference? Nina slept with him (Points to Jerry), he slept with me, I slept with Pinter. Nobody cares! It's all ancient history.
elaine: George knows that you slept with Nina. That's why he was acting so weird.
elaine: He schnapped me.
elaine: I can't tell you.
elaine: Okay. (Takes a drink and wave Jerry to lean in) I slept with the groom.
elaine: He used to be called Peter.
elaine: Sue Ellen! If she knew, she'd call off the whole wedding.
elaine: Do you know what 'Jerry' is in Indian?
elaine: (Between laughs) Jugdish.
elaine: Hey, what if I got my, nose pierced? That would be pretty freaky.. Oooohhhhaaa! (sliding off Jerry onto the hallway floor)
elaine: G'night, Jugdish. (Laughs)
elaine: Thank you...aah, hm mm.
elaine: Oh, God, it's so hot! (Sniffing) What is that smell?
elaine: (Sees her enemy, Sue Ellen, at the airport) Oh boy. There's Sue Ellen. She didn't want me at this wedding, but here I am with a bunch of my idiot friends!
elaine: (Confused by her reaction) You are?
elaine: Come on, Sue Ellen. You don't wear a bra, you're tall... we hate each other!
elaine: (Toying with the idea) Huh.. alright. I guess.
elaine: (Recognizing him) Peter?
elaine: (Acting equally strange) No. What? Like what? What? Strange.. No. I..
elaine: Ooohh.
elaine: Oh please.. It's in the vault.
elaine: Hey, what time is it? (she looks up and asks as Jerry walks in the aisle)
elaine: Hey, what time is it?
elaine: Oh (quietly). Is this tooth chipped? (pointing to a tooth)
elaine: I have no idea.
elaine: Watch this. (Puts the bottle of Schnapps in her mouth, flips her head up, drinking it, then puts it back down with her teeth. She is effected by that last drink) Oh.. God..
elaine: Oh, Mm mm.. (Scoots up close to George) I'm not gonna tell you, any - more - things. (points at George)
elaine: Okey-dokey.
elaine: Heres your plane ticket.
elaine: Sue Ellen sends me an invitation, one week before her wedding in India. Tst, Ill show her...
elaine: Spite Never sleeps (doing a little dance as she says it
elaine: (Handing George a ticket) Here. You're going to India with us tomorrow.
elaine: Three days.
elaine: You want to go to India?
elaine: Nina? Nina? No. Psshhh.. Not weird. No. Nina.
elaine: I don't know. Nina. Nina! (Feeling she's said to much, she goes to leave) I'm gonna go grab a bite.
elaine: Well, Ahh, this Mischke mish-mash is just gettin' worse.
elaine: I talked with the groom's parents..
elaine: ... And it's so obvious that they don't want..
elaine: ... me to go.
elaine: So, the only reason ...
elaine: ... she sent me an invitation was that so I'd send her a gift.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: Bye-bye.
elaine: (Gesturing back to the bedroom) Who else ya got back there?
elaine: You slept with Nina? What are you gonna tell George?
elaine: Uh. Alright, alright. I'll put it in the vault.
elaine: (Confused) What combination?
elaine: Don't be ridiculous.
elaine: So what?
elaine: Hi. Mr. and Mrs. Ranawat?
elaine: Oh. Well, Usha.
elaine: (Shrugging it off) Anyway, your son is marrying my friend, Sue Ellen Mischke.
elaine: Well ...
elaine: (Soaking it in) Right. Don't go. Send a gift. I think I understand.
elaine: (Leaving) That's fantastic.
elaine: Hi.
elaine: You're not gonna believe what I got in the mail. Invitation to Sue Ellen Mischke's wedding.
elaine: Not the point. The wedding is in one week. I got this (Holds up invitation) today.
elaine: It's an un-vitation! (Notices George is a few inches higher) Hey, are you gettin' taller?
elaine: Ah. (Looking at the invitation) Hey, look at this. 'Pinter Ranawat'.. I wonder if he's related to that guy I dated, Peter Ranawat..
elaine: What call?
elaine: (Remembers Jerry's talking about her) Oh, the great conversation girl. (Somewhat bitter toward Jerry) The one you think can replace me?
elaine: (Reading an invitation) India? Tst, Yeah, right. (Sarcastic) I'm goin' to India..
elaine: (Turning around and leaving with Pinter) Hey, let's go someplace else, Okay, Peter?
elaine: Hey!
elaine: (sitting down in the booth) 'Kay.
elaine: His apartment was being fumigated, so we thought we'd give it another shot.
elaine: So guess who called me last night? Jason Hanke.
elaine: He called to apologize for standing me up five years ago.
elaine: A.A. It's one of the Twelve Steps. Step number Nine is you have to apologize to anyone you've ever wronged.
elaine: What neck hole?
elaine: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
elaine: Well, it's funny. I mean, you have a big head. Or is it 'cause of your neck?
elaine: I really think it's the size of your neck.
elaine: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Isn't this great? With those nerds in accounting moved, you and I are the only ones who use this bathroom.
elaine: Ten minutes.
elaine: All right. Whiff away.
elaine: (holding Kramer off from getting another whiff) Hup! That's it.
elaine: So get this. I'm in the bathroom at work today, and I see Peggy using a seat protector.
elaine: So... we're the only women on the floor. I mean, we're like roommates. Would-would you use a seat protector if you had a roommate?
elaine: (eyeing Jerry meticulously cleaning up the soda) Yeah, you're probably right. She's probably one of those neurotic clean freaks.
elaine: (moving Peggy's water to make room for paper on the desk) These proofs look pretty good. Oh. Can I move this? Yup. I think this will work.
elaine: Peggy, we've got to talk. What is it about me that you find so offensive?
elaine: What!? I happen to have a very steady boyfriend. You know, I mean, we broke up a few times and there has been an occasional guy here or... or there, but, wh-why is this your business?
elaine: (leaving the room after rubbing Peggy's keyboard on her butt, sticking the stapler in her armpit, and coughing on her doorknob) Oh. All right. You think I've got germs? I'll give you some germs. How about some for your keyboard, huh? Huh? Oooh, how about for your stapler. Hmmm? That's good, isn't it? You have a happy and a healthy.
elaine: Oh, please.
elaine: Oh, come on, we all have intense malaise. Right?
elaine: Yeah, let me tell you something this is all in her mind, OK? She is insane. She thinks I made her sick because I coughed on her doorknob, rubbed her stapler in my armpit, and put her keyboard on my butt. Yeah, she's a wacko.
elaine: Chicken wing shoulder blades.
elaine: No, but that's one problem. Why?
elaine: Whoa! Walking around naked? Ahh... that is not a good look for a man.
elaine: Well, the female body is a... work of art. The male body is utilitarian, it's for gettin' around, like a jeep.
elaine: It's hideous. The hair, the... the lumpiness. It's simian.
elaine: Hmm. Sickies.
elaine: Hey, Puddy.
elaine: Balloon bouquet? For who?
elaine: Peggy. Oh, great. I suppose she's still blaming me?
elaine: I don't believe this woman.
elaine: She's this crazy woman who is convinced that my germs make her sick.
elaine: Huh?
elaine: What is this symbol?
elaine: Hey, I've had those since college. They're bunnies.
elaine: OK, we're broken up for the rest of the day.
elaine: (eating dinner with Kramer, Elaine, and Puddy) Mmm. This food is fantastic, PEGGY And what a pretty radish rose, huh?
elaine: Here's to Peggy, on her first week of being germ-free, free.
elaine: This food was in the shower with you?
elaine: Kramer.
elaine: So.. Whatley's still Jewish, huh?
elaine: (Shrugging it off) eh.
elaine: This place is like Studio 54 with a menorah.
elaine: Oh.. (sees a guy looking at her) I got denim vest checking me out. (laughs) Fake phone number's coming out tonight.
elaine: Mm-hmm.
elaine: (Holds onto Jerry's arm) No, please! Denim vest! He's smoothing it! Jerry! God! (Jerry excapes Elaine's grasp, moves over to the woman. The man wearing a denim vest moves over to Elaine.)
elaine: Nice vest. I like the.. big metal buttons
elaine: Why don't I give you my phone number?
elaine: Hey!
"elaine: (To waitress) Oh, nothing for me. (Waitress leaves) I'm going to ""Atomic Sub"" later."
elaine: I got a card, and they stamp it every time I buy a sub. 24 stamps, and I become a submarine (makes a gesture) captain.
elaine: (Embarrassed) Free sub.
elaine: What?
"elaine: What is it? (Grabs the card from George, he tries to stop her, but fails. She reads it out loud.) ""Dear son, Happy Festivus."" What is Festivus?"
elaine: Ohhhh.. and another piece of the puzzle falls into place.
"elaine: Oh, I can't believe it! I've lost my ""Atomic Sub"" card!.. Oh no! I bet I wrote that fake number on the back of it when I gave it to denim vest!"
elaine: I've eaten 23 bad subs, I just need 1 more! It's like a long, bad movie, but you want to see the end of it!
elaine: Alright, then, it's like a boring book, but you gotta finish it.
elaine: (Irritated, and through clinched teeth) I want that free sub.
elaine: That's a good idea.
elaine: Worked?
elaine: Oh, I remember seeing those guys picketing out there, but I haven't seen them in a long time.
elaine: What were your.. demands?
elaine: I believe that's the new minimum wage.
elaine: So, anyway, I've been giving out your number as my standard fake.
elaine: So, listen, when this guy calls, if you could just give him my real number..
elaine: Ohh.. my..
elaine: My number? Ohh.. (looks at Kramer's business card) Okay.. Uh, well, there you go. (writes H&H's number down) And, uh, tell you what.. (looks at the board in the back) put a sawbuck on Captain Nemo in the third at Belmont.
elaine: Happy Festivus, Georgie.
elaine: Kramer, listen, I got a little phone relay going, so, if a guy calls H&H and he's looking for me, you take a message.
elaine: Hey! I have spent a lot of time, and I have eaten a lot of crap to get to where I am today. And I am NOT throwing it all away now.
elaine: Maybe.
elaine: Hello, Frank.
elaine: Kramer! Kramer.. any word from the vest?
elaine: No, I got to stay here and wait for the call.
elaine: No, I just..
elaine: (Whining) I want the one that I earned. (Phone rings) I'll get it. I'll get it! (Into phone) H&H, and Elaine.
elaine: What did you do?
elaine: Oh, hi! (Waves at him)
elaine: Kramer, the vest just called.
"elaine: Oh, yeah, I got a little steam bath. Listen, in 10 minutes, I'm gonna have my hands on that ""Atomic Sub"" card."
elaine: (Embarrassed) Free sub. (Starts to leave) I'll see ya.
elaine: Steve.
elaine: It's Elaine.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: I see you're still sticking with the denim. (He's wearing a denim coat) Do you have that card that I gave you?
elaine: No, no, no. You give me your number.
elaine: No.
elaine: No.
elaine: A fake number! Blimey!
elaine: I didn't have time to go home. What are you doing here?
elaine: What are you doing here?
elaine: Hey, I was in a shvitz for 6 hours. Give me a break.
elaine: (To bookie) Hey, how'd my horse do?
elaine: Hey.
elaine: (Full of pride) My new salesman boyfriend took me out to celebrate his promotion.
elaine: (Obviously embarrassed) Uh, to a restaurant.
elaine: I had the roast beef
elaine: (Interrupting) David, can you tell me where the Xerox machine is?
elaine: Oh. (Leaves for the room)
elaine: Hey. Wheres Puddy? The copy machine is broken.
elaine: (Squints, imitating Puddy) The squinting?
elaine: (Stares ahead, again, imitating Puddy) The staring?
elaine: (Shrugging) I thought all guys do that.
elaine: Its that bad?
elaine: (Pointing out) Isnt that from your act, like, ten years ago?
elaine: Um, David, you know what? Can you come help me fix the copy machine? Come.
elaine: Yay!
elaine: David, um, I..
elaine: Youre a salesman now - and the high-five is its very grease monkey.
elaine: Ah, I, Im sorry, but the high-five is just so stupid.
elaine: (Sarcastically) Oh, that is really mature.
elaine: (Confused at Davids attempts at a comeback) Uh that doesnt make any sense. I am leaving.
elaine: Fine! Were through!
elaine: (While leaving) Thats right. (Mocking Puddy, she puts her hand up) High-five! (Turns around, putting her hand behind her back like he had done) On the flip side! (As Elaine is leaving, she mutters to herself) Takin me to Arbys
elaine: Hello?
elaine: (Jokingly mimicking Jerry) Who is this?
elaine: What?!
elaine: (Sarcastically) You know, just that you cared enough to call means so much, Jerry.
elaine: Oh, I dont know..
elaine: Well, will you pay my cab fare out there?
elaine: And I didnt like that roast beef, so how bout some lunch?
elaine: Ill hang this phone up right now!
elaine: Ill see ya. (Hanging up the phone)
elaine: Cab receipt. Hey, Puddy.
elaine: Uh
elaine: (Raising her finger at him, in an authoritative tone) David..
elaine: I guess.
elaine: What was that?
elaine: (While looking over the contract Jerry just drew up) Yeah, well, thats not bad.
elaine: This is nice. What kind of car is this?
elaine: (To Jerry) You couldnt just give him one high-five?
elaine: So, George, I still dont understand - how was that a setup?
elaine: Very near.
elaine: Thank you. Ow!
elaine: I just wanted to know what your idea of 'hot' is.
elaine: I am ready to skate up a-- ha, ha, ha...Why are you wearing that?
elaine: A fur?
elaine: A seemingly infinite supply.
elaine: Ow! Careful, it's hot.
elaine: He was struttin' around the coffee shop like Stein Erickson.
elaine: Eh, anti-fur. I mean, who has the energy anymore? This is more about hanging off the arm of an idiot.
elaine: We never dated in winter.
elaine: Oh, I walked by Bloomingdale's the other day, and I saw that massage chair we want to get Joe Mayo as an apartment gift.
elaine: I can't stand Joe Mayo's parties. You know, the second you walk in, he's got you workin' for him. 'Hey, can you do me a favor? Can you keep an eye on the ice, make sure we have enough?' Uh...
elaine: Why?
elaine: I'm sorry I can't stay for the... second act.
elaine: Hey. I think you know Dr... Zaius.
elaine: So, George... did you get the chair?
elaine: Hey, Joe Mayo.
elaine: Oh, fantastic.
elaine: Goodbye, Dr. Zaius.
elaine: Good working with you.
elaine: What?
elaine: Oh. Uhhh...
elaine: So Joe Mayo had the same coat.
elaine: Mm-hmm.
elaine: So now Joe Mayo wants me to buy him a new coat.
elaine: No, because I was in charge of the coats. It's... insane.
elaine: But he doesn't know that. As far as he knows, somebody stole it, and that's the person who should be responsible.
elaine: So I guess I'll have to buy him a new coat, even though I don't think I should be held responsible, which I am anyway.
elaine: Look at you. You're on a slant.
elaine: So, you had to carry some of Keri's stuff. Big deal.
elaine: You know what? We sell this thing at Peterman that would be perfect for you.
elaine: No. No. It's a small men's carryall.
elaine: It's not a purse. It's European.
elaine: Hey, did George buy Joe Mayo that chair yet?
elaine: If I'm gettin' him a new fur, I'm not chippin' in on a gift, too.
elaine: Did he get it?
elaine: Mmm, good. Tell him I'm out.
elaine: Well, I guess I better go and price fur coats.
elaine: What are you talking about?
elaine: 88th Street? That's where Joe Mayo lives. That's the coat!
elaine: Come in, come in.
elaine: Please, sit down. Newman, um, I wanted to talk to you about something.
elaine: What?
elaine: Uh, yeah, uh, no. Newman, uh, I heard that you found a fur coat in a tree. And, I believe that it belongs to a friend of mine, and I'd like to give it back to him.
elaine: You know, Newmie. Um, I know how you feel about me, and I have to tell you, I'm quite flattered.
elaine: Oh, yeah. I mean, of all the men that I know, you're the only one who's held down a steady job for several years.
elaine: Ha ha ha ha.
elaine: Uh, don't worry, he's cool.
elaine: Very cool. So, what do you say? Can you do this one little favor, Newmie?
elaine: All right, we're done here.
elaine: Thank you, thank you, thank you very much.
elaine: Jerry, where'd you get it? That's his coat.
elaine: No, that's not your coat.
elaine: It's Joe Mayo's coat.
elaine: Yeah, he was waitin' inside his apartment for him with a sock full of pennies.
elaine: What is that?
elaine: You ditched the fur?
elaine: You're gonna wear this all the time?
elaine: You know, maybe Kramer is right, some people should just give up . I have.
elaine: I don't remember, but it certainly wasn't this. Look at this cartoon in the New Yorker, I don't get this.
elaine: And you're on the fringe of the humor business.
elaine: Hey! George look at this.
elaine: You got it?
elaine: Come on, We're two intelligent people here. We can figure this out. Now we got a dog and a cat in an office.
"elaine: The cat is saying "" I've enjoyed reading your E-mail""."
elaine: It's a page number.
elaine: Aahh! this has got to be a mistake.
elaine: We know what a face consists of.
elaine: Hi!
elaine: Jerry, She looks exactly like you.
elaine: Well maybe she doesn't, I don't care.
elaine: Well I've asked every one at work and nobody gets this cartoon. I mean I don't understand why no one can explain it, but I'm gonna get to the bottom of this.
elaine: (to George who just came in) Hey! George, Janet looks very nice and she's quite a handsome woman.
elaine: Enjoy. (she leaves)
elaine: Well we're hoping that if perhaps that the catalog is a little funnier,people won't be so quick to return the clothes ha ha....For example.. I..I really do....Well I love this one
elaine: Ahan, Ahan....yeah...Euh but, Why is it that the, that the animals enjoy reading the email?
elaine: Well you don't have to dissect if you can just tell me. Why this is suppose to be funny?
elaine: But, what is the comment. (she slides the magazine back to him)
elaine: No it isn't.
elaine: I don,t think so.
elaine: That's not a word.....You have no idea what this means do you?
elaine: Then why did you print it.
elaine: (gets up) You know what? you people should be ashamed of yourself, you know ya doodle a couple of bears at a cocktail party talking about the stock market. You think you're doing comedy.
elaine: Oh! really (laughs) well you know..... I have others
elaine: She does a full hour about how you're the devil .I got to go see this thing.
elaine: Well I bet I can get in once I mention I'm from ...The New Yorker.
elaine: Yes, The New Yorker, I've met with their cartoon editor and I got him to admit that that cartoon ...MADE NO SENSE....
elaine: Then we ended up going out to lunch and he had some great gossip about James Thurber.
elaine: ....And he said I could submit some of my own cartoons.
elaine: I do to.
elaine: It's better than your drawings of naked Lois Lane.
elaine: Well boys, I did it. I had to stay up all night but I finally came up with a great New Yorker cartoon.
elaine: That is not the point.
elaine: Just read it!
elaine: Pretty good? Well uh! This is a gem . Kramer look it....(Kramer stays silent).....What? It's funny.
"elaine: And he's saying "" I wish I was taller"" ha ha. See? that's his complaint."
elaine: Do you!!!.. because that's not a normal complaint.
elaine: Everything with you has to be so .. jokey.
elaine: I wish I was taller, that's, that's, that's nice. that's real.
elaine: I'll tell you who doesn't think it stinks, The New Yorker. that's right. They're publishing it in their next issue. Oh! you know what I just ran into Newman in the hall and he said you tried to grope Sally Weaver.
"elaine: The pig says ""my wife is a slut."""
elaine: Check it out, from the new issue of the New Yorker...huh!...Funny isn't it? (Dugan shrugs) Look at it, the pig wants to be taller and what's this guy gonna say?.. he he...Nothin'..he he.
elaine: Can I fix that after lunch sir?
elaine: (to Dugan ) You see? You see? Smart people think this is funny and you want to know why? 'Cause I wrote it.
elaine: Oh! Do tell sir?
elaine: A Ziggy?
elaine: It must've seeped up my subconscious, Puddy has Ziggy bed sheets....D'you read the comics today?
elaine: Hey look it ;Sally's cable show's on (Kramer turns around to leave)
elaine: Why are you yelling at the TV?
elaine: Hey! I'm just a fan..ha ha...
elaine: Right, right. I mean, if I was getting the chair, I'd go for something... hot and spicy, you know... Thai, maybe Mexican. Lethal injection, feels like pasta... you know, painless, don't want anything too heavy...
elaine: Oh, sure! Why don't you give me your number?
elaine: Oh. OK. Maybe we could grab some lunch sometime. D-do you work around here or-?
elaine: So, is there anything you can tell me about yourself?
elaine: (flattered) Oh (laughs) That'll do! (laughs some more)
elaine: I haven't talked to him in, like, three weeks... I THINK it might be over...
elaine: I don't know. He wouldn't tell me his phone number, where he worked... I'll bet he's in a relationship.
elaine: Which one is he?
elaine: I don't care for jewellery on men (wags her finger disapprovingly)
elaine: And... what would those be?
elaine: Literally.
elaine: Oh!
elaine: Hey, what if he's married?
elaine: No, the Green Lantern.
elaine: Well, I don't know. I may never marry. It might be the closest I get.
elaine: So, how is a guy like you not involved?
elaine: (in her mind) That's true, maybe he's not married.
elaine: Oh, that is so sweet.
elaine: (in her mind, cynical) How long do I have to hold this?
elaine: Who is it?
elaine: (in her mind) Married. That's it, I'm chucking the flower. (she does)
elaine: (shouting up) Jerry! Jerry!
elaine: You didn't hear me buzzing?
elaine: Throw down your key.
elaine: I'll catch it!
elaine: ...Yeah, you're right. Well, will you at least keep me company until somebody comes out?
elaine: Huh?
elaine: Nodding off!... Well, I was right. He's an adulterer. And he's cheating on his wife with me!
elaine: (from the street) It went in the sewer! (Jerry reacts)
elaine: Yeah, flirted with the menu guy. Here. (hands him a large stack of papers)
elaine: Uh...
elaine: Well, he could be a superhero! You should've seen him run.
elaine: So, this is your little... love nest? (laughs)
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Oh, that sounds... romantic.
elaine: (in her mind, anguished) This is wrong. I should go. (There's a knock at the door)
elaine: Oh, sure.
elaine: (guiltily) Ah... You're the woman from the street, and I am so sorry. You know, I'm not really a home-wrecker. I-I-I-I-I thought he was a superhero. I swear.
elaine: This is his home?
elaine: So, he's...
elaine: He wouldn't give me his number because he doesn't have a phone. (unwrapping a lollipop) He's not married. He's poor. (puts lollipop in her mouth)
elaine: He probably busted it up and burned it for heat.
elaine: How can I end it over money? I feel bad.
elaine: Yes. There was this homeless guy who used to urinate on our garbage cans.
elaine: Well, we gave him a few bucks, and... now he goes in the alley across the street.
elaine: Well, I am NOT paying Glenn off to get out of this relationship. Wh-what am I supposed to do, just walk into his hovel, and hand him... well, how much do you think it would be?
elaine: If only he could have been cheating on his wife, you know, things would have been so much simpler.
elaine: Green Lantern.
elaine: (not amused) All right.
elaine: (annoyed) We get it. (George is laughing)
elaine: Thank you. (gets up from her seat)
elaine: (leaning over to George) Ooh, (fake laugh) well crafted. (exits)
elaine: (coming back into Monk's) Did I leave my glasses here?
elaine: (leaving again) Keep 'em! (George and Jerry savour the joke)
elaine: So, uh, what are we doing in this alley, anyway?
elaine: (giggling) Oh.
elaine: What are you doing? What is that?
elaine: It's garbage.
elaine: (has had enough) All right, that's it. (rummaging in purse, pulls out her chequebook) How do you spell your last name?
elaine: (writing out cheque) I'll make it out to cash. How 'bout two hundred bucks? Two-fifty?
elaine: Make it three hundred.
elaine: (touched, she takes it) Aw, Glenn.
elaine: Yeah, and I got you a cord of wood, so you won't have to burn 'em.
elaine: Who is this?
elaine: You're... poor AND married?
elaine: I guess I'm... Lois Loan.
elaine: Give me forty, you'll never see me again.
elaine: (to Jerry) So, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna live here, or are you gonna move out, or what?
elaine: (entering Monk's with her boyfriend) Oh, um... Darryl. These are... people I know. Jerry, George.
elaine: OK.
elaine: Uh, I think his answering machine's broken, so I just gave up. Well, what do you think?
elaine: What black guy?
elaine: He is?
elaine: You think?
elaine: Nelson.
elaine: I think it's OK.
elaine: Is he black?
elaine: No, course not. I mean, I'd just like to know.
elaine: No, I don't need to know. I just think it would be nice if I knew.
elaine: (looking in her purse) Oh, here.
elaine: (as Darryl opens his door) Hey.
elaine: Great music.
elaine: Oh, wow, these are nice. Do they have any cultural significance?
elaine: Right. African.
elaine: South Africa.
elaine: Maybe.
elaine: So, George, do you have any thoughts on this Darryl situation?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: (rudely and giving him a 'duh' look) Because, if I ask him, then it's like I really want to know.
elaine: Is that the right word?
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (starting to leave) You know what, I'm leavin'.
elaine: I'll just talk to Jerry when he gets back. (seeing the Rosses entering Monk's) Oh. Mrs. Ross, Mr. Ross.
elaine: (laughing uproariously) The Hamptons? George Costanza? I, uh... I don't think so. Have a good one.
elaine: Yeah, yeah. Forget about all that. First thing is first. Warranty information. Name, we know that. Uh, hobbies. Skiing, racquetball...
elaine: It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Um. Oh, here's one race.
elaine: It certainly should be. It's nobody's damn business! But they really would like to know.
elaine: What?
elaine: laughing awkwardly Oh. Right. Good one.
elaine: Really?
elaine: No, but... it is very nice to know.
elaine: (in Jerry's apartment) Ah, I've given up. So, now we're going to a bunch of Spanish restaurants. I figure that'll cover us either way.
elaine: Hey, so Kramer's running for president of the condo?
elaine: Oh, heh heh heh. Who are they running against?
elaine: (to George) He's still down with his folks.
elaine: (to George) I'm gettin' his mail.
elaine: (to George) Mm-hmm.
elaine: (trying to understand what they're talking about) What?
elaine: Oh, right, at the coffee shop. Where did they get the idea that you have a place in the Hamptons?
elaine: What did you say?
elaine: I told them you didn't. And I laughed and I laughed.
elaine: But you lied first.
elaine: Like you're a liar!
elaine: So, this is over, not over? I'm bettin', not over.
elaine: Haven't you done enough to these people?
elaine: What?
elaine: Interracial? Us?
elaine: Yes, it's awful! They're upset because we're an interracial couple. That is racism!
elaine: Me neither. Well, maybe this turkey club.
elaine: (to the black waitress) Long day?
elaine: I hear ya, Sister.
elaine: (as Darryl comes into Monk's) Yeah. It's OK. My boyfriend's black. Here he is. See?
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: Aren't you?
elaine: You're black. You said we were an interracial couple.
elaine: I am?
elaine: No. Why would you think that?
elaine: That's because I thought you were black.
elaine: I don't think we should be talking about this.
elaine: I'm white.
elaine: I guess.
elaine: Yeah. So do you want to go to the Gap?
elaine: Yeah, yeah.
elaine: Goodbye?
elaine: Okay.
elaine: I won't.
elaine: Jesus?
elaine: Here's one. I borrowed Puddy's car and all the presets on his radio were Christian rock stations.
elaine: So, you think that Puddy actually believes in something?
elaine: Yes, he is lazy.
elaine: Yes, he is dumb.
elaine: Dumb and lazy, I understand.
elaine: How?
elaine: Quiet! So where is this Sophie?
elaine: How long have you two been together?
elaine: I needed to move a bureau.
elaine: Hello boys.
elaine: I did.
elaine: Ressurected! And look what I pried off of his bumper, a Jesus fish!
elaine: Well yeah, I got him because he seemed so one-dimensional, I feel misled.
"elaine: ""It's me?"" Isn't it a little premature?"
"elaine: Hah. She's not a ""me"". I'm a ""me""."
elaine: That seems about right.
elaine: What was that?
elaine: So where do you wanna eat?
elaine: Arby's. Beef and cheese and do you believe in god?
elaine: Oh. So, you're pretty religious?
elaine: So is it a problem that I'm not really religious?
elaine: Why not?
elaine: Well I'm going to hell.
elaine: According to Puddy.
elaine: I'm not in the mood.
elaine: I know, but he does.
elaine: Well, relationships are very important to me.
elaine: 'Cause that belongs to Mr. Potato Guy, that's his.
elaine: Well if you want it, you get it.
elaine: Oh, but it's ok for me?
elaine: Alright, that is it! I can't live like this.
elaine: C'mon.
elaine: David, I'm going to hell! The worst place in the world! With devils and those caves and the ragged clothing! And the heat! My god, the heat! I mean, what do you think about all that?
elaine: Uh, you should be trying to save me!
elaine: I am not going to hell and if you think I'm going to hell, you should care that I'm going to hell even though I am not.
elaine: Yeah, that's right!
elaine: We're just, you know, having a good time.
elaine: Well, thank you father.
elaine: Oh, lighten up. It'll only feel like an eternity.
elaine: Maybe.. All over your face!
elaine: Hi, I'm miserable. (They both laugh)
elaine: Cocktail flu.
elaine: (Angered) No, I found a better way to humiliate myself. There was this guy, and we had a few too many..
elaine: Worse. We made out at the table like our plane was going down!
elaine: (Gives Jerry a look) Do you know how embarrassing this is to someone in my position?
elaine: I am an associate.
elaine: Oh God. Why did I do this? Now I'm the office skank.
elaine: (Liking the idea) Ohh.. right. Cause if we're dating, what everyone saw was just a beautiful moment between two lovers.
elaine: (Sarcastic) Oh, bravo.
elaine: (Talking to a co-worker) Of course Zach and I have been dating. What'd you think, I was the office skank?
"elaine: ""Well""? We've been dating for three months. Between you and me, and.. anyone else you want to tell."
elaine: (Exits, closing the door behind her) Oh man. Ugh..
elaine: Yeah.
elaine: (Starts to fake cry) Yes. Oh, man! Oh!
elaine: That is correct. But here's the beauty part - now I stand up for myself by telling everybody I'm dumping his sorry ass, and I'm the office-
elaine: (Accepting) Alright.
elaine: Hey, that's your Uncle Leo.
elaine: French impressionism. Oh, I love this. (Looking up at George) Now, what is the problem with this book?
elaine: How much do you want for it?
elaine: (Confused) What is wrong with this book?
elaine: (Cutting Jerry off, she stands up, trying to get away from the book. Yelling out) Alright! Everyone clear! Bio-hazard coming through! Clear! Clear!! (Runs to the bathroom to wash her hands)
elaine: (Faking a broken heart) Oh yes. I know all about his little performance in the break room.
elaine: (Confused) Love newton?
elaine: An addict? (Sacrcastic) Well, it just keeps getting better!
elaine: Look, uh, Mr. Peterman, the fact is that I was planning on breaking up with Zach anyway. He was cheating on me!
elaine: Oh. Well, you know, I had planned to uh-
elaine: Hey, it's me.
elaine: (Sarcastic) Oh, that's nice. What are you up to?
elaine: My fake boyfriend is going through real withdrawals.
elaine: Eat your soup!
elaine: Why? (Zach vomits. Elaine yells out to him) I told you, away from the curtains. Away. (Pointing) Use your bucket. (He vomits again - this time into the bucket) There you go, that's it. (To Jerry) You know what? I gotta go.
elaine: So, this book'll tell me how to get puke out of cashmere?
elaine: Great.
elaine: Yeah. Now I can break up with him. He's clean, and I'm the office hero.
elaine: (Leaving Jerry) See ya.
elaine: Uh, no, thanks.
elaine: You know, there are 200 people who work in this office. Every day is somebody's special day.
elaine: It's his birthday and it's his last day?
elaine: All right, pile it on.
elaine: It is the forced socializing. I mean, just because we work in the same office, why do we have to act like we're friends?
elaine: I had to take a sick day. I'm so sick of these people. By the way, I talked to Lisi, and tomorrow night's good for her.
elaine: Yeah, you're better off sitting around here, reading comic books, and eating spaghetti at two in the morning..
elaine: Your old high school hangout? Why?
elaine: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Who is the Lopper?
elaine: Really? What're the other titles?
elaine: What is this?
elaine: Stop it! That's not even a song! I mean, now we're celebrating a sick day?
elaine: What? What is nice? Trying to fill the void in your life with flour and sugar and egg and vanilla? I mean, we are all unhappy. Do we have to be fat, too? Not you Becky, I know you have a slow metabolism. I don't want one more piece of cake in my office!
elaine: So how's it going with my friend?
elaine: Oh, it's a cake party. It's the third one today. I didn't realize how hooked I got on that 400 sugar rush.
elaine: I can't. I denounced them. Maybe I'll go raid Peterman's fridge. He's always got a truffle or something in there.
elaine: Anybody here? Peterboy?
elaine: Ooh, it's a cake walk.
elaine: Mr. Peterman, um--
elaine: No, sir, I can't.
elaine: Guess what I ate.
elaine: No. A $29,000 piece of cake. Peterman got it at The Duke Of Windsor auction. It was the most romantic thing I've ever eaten.
elaine: A little stale.
elaine: Hey, so I talked to Lisi and she has got a big surprise for you. She's planning a weekend trip to Pennsylvania Dutch country.
elaine: What is going on with you two?
elaine: 400 sugar fix.
elaine: No, no. You are way past the phone call breakup stage.
elaine: Oh...it's daylight. It won't take you that long. Just make a clean break.
elaine: Just a little off the side...
elaine: Well, no point in wasting $1,200.
elaine: I need to replace an antique piece of cake.
elaine: Do you have anything that's been...you know, laying around for a while? Something prewar would be just great.
elaine: Oh, Kramer, I am in big. big, big trouble. I need a cake that looks like this.
elaine: Do any of these look close?
elaine: Entenmann's? From the supermarket?
elaine: Oh, hello.
elaine: I guess I'll just--
elaine: Mr. Peterman, you wanted to see me, sir?
elaine: Ohh...
elaine: Um...as far as I know.
elaine: Uh, I guess I hadn't--
elaine: Why did they hire you for a rodeo?
elaine: Didn't he throw you off a bus in the middle of Alabama or--
elaine: You know, Kenny Rogers has a-
elaine: Where did you get her?
elaine: Come on, Jerry. You didn't notice?
elaine: Oh.
elaine: Uh-huh. News woman. Yeah.
elaine: Downtown New York?
elaine: What? What is that?
elaine: I was a 718 when I first moved here. I cried every night.
elaine: At work?
elaine: I don't have a fax machine.
elaine: Then maybe you have a fax machine.
elaine: Hello?
elaine: What?
elaine: Aah!
elaine: All right! You're foolin' around with your maid. That is a wise decision.
elaine: You are paying a woman to come to your house and sleep with you.
elaine: What? A health plan?
elaine: Oh-ho-ho. Oh.
elaine: So you consider this a relationship?
elaine: Oh. Have you been out?
elaine: Where did you go?
elaine: Mm! To get what?
elaine: Cleaning supplies?
elaine: Oh. Well, there's nothin' more sophisticated than diddlin' the maid and then chewin' some gum.
elaine: Hey, Kramer, what was it you were having faxed to my house every 30 seconds?
elaine: Which ones?
elaine: So this is never gonna stop?
elaine: You can pick 'em up right now.
elaine: Ahem. 646? What is this?
elaine: I thought 646 was just for new numbers.
elaine: No, no, no, no. It's not a new number. It's--it's--it's just a changed number. See? It's not different. It's the same, just...changed.
elaine: You know, I could've killed you, and no one would've known.
elaine: No, I'm not. Here you go.
elaine: It's a new area code.
elaine: No, no. It's right here in the city. It's the same as 212. They just multiplied it by 3, and then they added one to the middle number. It's the same.
elaine: Yeah? Well, so am I!
elaine: Oh, I'm so sorry.
elaine: A quick question-- did she by any chance have a 212 phone number?
elaine: Hey.
elaine: I hate the counter.
elaine: No. She died.
elaine: What did he say?
elaine: Oh, hi.
elaine: What?
elaine: Yes! 212.
elaine: Hey, what happened to the guy I had last time?
elaine: All right! I am back in the game.
elaine: Hello?
elaine: No. You got the wrong number, kid.
elaine: Oh...nuts.
elaine: No. It's just that I've been kind of buried over here.
elaine: Hit. No. I guess his parents didn't want to tell him. B-2?
elaine: He called 6 times yesterday. What a nightmare it must be to have a real family.
elaine: Hit. Uhh...you sank my submarine.
elaine: Bobby, you gotta stop calling your Gammy. Why? Because sometimes you call very early in the morning when Gammy has been out late the night before and sometimes when Gammy's not alone. Your parents still haven't said anything to you about your Gammy? (sighs) All right, here we go. (coughing) Gammy doesn't feel so good. I think Gammy might be dying. Yep. Yep. Ok. Good-bye, Bobby. Don't call anymore. I'm dead now. Gotta go.
elaine: Aah!
elaine: How can you be hungry after what you ate at that Mets game?
elaine: Oh, come on, Jerry. It was 9 to nothing. We were getting shellacked.
elaine: I thought you were hungry.
elaine: Watch out for that maroon Golf.
elaine: Oh, no, I couldn't do that.
elaine: Oh, all right.
elaine: Oh, yeah. What's that called?
elaine: Ohh! Oh, the city shuts down Fifth avenue. They never let anyone through. We're never getting home.
elaine: I'm going to miss 60 Minutes. You know, I hate to miss 60 Minutes. It's part of my Sunday weekend wind-down.
elaine: Just do it, Jerry. Uhh. This exhaust. I'm gonna throw up.
elaine: Huh?
elaine: You sure you want his face?
elaine: All right, I think I know where this is going, and I am going somewhere else.
elaine: I've been trying to leave this group for 10 years. Vaya con dios.
elaine: Look at that guy's dog. I hate it when their ears get flipped inside out like that. Why doesn't he fix it?
elaine: Ooh! This isn't moving! I could walk faster than this.
elaine: Yes, I can. Here. I'm outta here.
elaine: Oh, now it's moving. Oh, yeah. I knew it. Hey! Hey!
elaine: That's cute. That's really cute. Oh! Come on! All right. Bye again.
elaine: Hey. Taxi! Taxi!
elaine: Jerry?!
elaine: Uh, well, uh, here--here is good.
elaine: Hey, I went to Tufts! That was my safety school! So don't talk to me about hardship.
elaine: Boy, eh, can you believe this mess?
elaine: I'm not his girlfriend. Well, actually, we used to date, but not anymore.
elaine: All right. Well, I'll see ya. Hey, George, I think there's a sniper lookin' to pop ya.
elaine: Oh, this is nuts! I can't get across anywhere!
elaine: Hey! Hey, everyone. This way. I think we can get out through here.
elaine: Look! No one knows how long this parade is gonna last! They are a very festive people. All I know is that it's Sunday night, and I have got to unwind! Now who's with me?!
elaine: All right! Come on. Come on. Let's go. Let's go.
elaine: Get in there!
elaine: Oh, don't worry. We'll get you home to your husband real soon.
elaine: Well, I, for one, really respect that.
elaine: Come on, father, you can make it.
elaine: No! I won't!
elaine: All right. Take it easy.
elaine: All right, we can move faster without father o'gimpy.
elaine: We should be able to get across right through here!
elaine: Oh, no! I thought--
elaine: Get a hold of yourself!
elaine: Sorry. Somebody...help us!
elaine: We're down here! Help!
elaine: Let us out. There's an unmarried pregnant woman down here.
elaine: Help us up so we can cross the street?
elaine: But we've come so far. We just want to unwind.
elaine: Oh, god! Let us out!
elaine: Hey.
elaine: Well, it is Sunday night, and you know how I like to unwind.
elaine: All right, thanks for the ride, Kramer.
elaine: Oh, I forgot to call Jill. Jill. Hi, it's Elaine. How is your father? Is everything okay? What? I can't hear you so good. There's a lot of static. Wha? I'm going to call you back.
elaine: What? No good?
elaine: Faux pas?
elaine: Why?
elaine: Here's a thought - Bye bye.
elaine: Jill, hi, it's Elaine. Well, I'm calling from my home. Indoors. Well, I was just calling to see how your fa.. I'm sorry, I'm getting another call. Hang on just a second. Hello?
elaine: Jerry, I'm on the other line.
elaine: I'm sorry, Jill. I'm going to have to take this call. Jerry, what's the emergency?
elaine: That's the emergency?
elaine: I was on the other line talking to Jill.
elaine: You said it was an emergency.
elaine: So we can go anywhere we want?
elaine: Why are they doing this?
elaine: This is all very exciting.
elaine: Why Japan?
elaine: Oh - I got it - how about Russia?
elaine: It's not bleak - it's springtime.
elaine: You can't be bleak in spring.
elaine: What about Switzerland?
elaine: You're not going to do any walking.
elaine: So then you'll walk down the hill and we'll pick you up.
elaine: All right! You know what, just forget it!
elaine: I'll go to Paris.
elaine: Hey. NBC limo is downstairs - beep beep beep. {NBC tune} I'm just going to call Jill one more time before we go.
elaine: Well, I can't call from the limo. Can I call from the plane?
elaine: All right, I'll just have to call her from Paris.
elaine: Wow!
elaine: Will you shut up? You are ruining the whole trip.
elaine: Will you turn around?
elaine: You are annoying me sitting like that. It's effeminate.
elaine: Yes, I think it's a little effeminate.
elaine: I don't know - it just is.
elaine: What is that?
elaine: What is that noise? What is that noise?
elaine: Oh my God!
elaine: What's going on?
elaine: Oh my God, we're going down. We're going to die!
elaine: What?
elaine: Jerry, I gotta tell you something too.
elaine: No no - me first.
elaine: Jerry, I've always loved ..u..
elaine: We're straightening out?
elaine: Okay.
elaine: Well, what are we going to do about Paris? I mean are we actually going to get back on this plane?
elaine: Well, I'm sure that they would fly us first class.
elaine: See, the great thing about robbing a fat guy is it's an easy getaway. You know? They can't really chase ya!
elaine: Forget it.
elaine: What? No, no - we didn't do anything.
elaine: The Good Samaritan Law? Are they crazy?
elaine: I know.
elaine: Alright - um, excuse me, hi, could you tell me what kind of law this is.
elaine: Oh, yeah.
elaine: What?
elaine: I guess we could've called for help.
elaine: Sure - the video.
elaine: What is that?
elaine: Good morning, Jackie.
elaine: How do I look, Jackie?
elaine: Thank you, Jackie.
elaine: Jackie says put it on, Jerry.
elaine: See, the great thing about robbing a fat guy is it's an easy getaway. They can't really chase ya!
elaine: Oh, hi, I'm Elaine.
elaine: The Soup Nazi!
elaine: Five cups chopped porcini mushrooms. Half a cup of olive oil. Three pounds celery.
elaine: You're through, Soup Nazi. Pack it up. No more soup for you. Next!
elaine: Soup's not all that good anyway.
elaine: I thought he was deported.
elaine: I think so.
elaine: I hope it's not that one, because I cannot wear orange.
elaine: I've always loved ... United Airlines.
elaine: Puddy, don't wait for me.
elaine: Why don't you just blow it out your a...
elaine: If I call Jill from prison, do you think that would make up for the other ones?
elaine: Cause you only get one call. The prison call is like the king of calls.
