george: Are you through?
george: Yes, it was purple, I liked it, I dont actually recall considering the buttons.
george: (on an imaginary microphone) Uh, no, not at this time.
george: Are, are you sure this is decaf? Wheres the orange indicator?
george: How come youre not doin the second show tomorrow?
george: Wait a second, wait a second, what coming in, what woman is coming in?
george: No, you didnt!
george: Ha.
george: Wait wait wait, what is she... (takes the milk can from Jerry and puts it on the table) What is she like?
george: (smiling) So, you know, what, what happened?
george: Oh, nothing happened, but it was...
george: This is great!
george: So, you know, she calls and says she wants to go out with you tomorrow night? God bless! Devil you!
george: (whistles disapprovingly) Ho ho ho, Had to? Had to come in?
george: Had to come in and maybe well get together? Had to and maybe?
george: No...no...no, I hate to tell you this. Youre not gonna see this woman.
george: How do I know, maybe, you know, maybe she wanted to be polite.
george: All right, all right, I didnt want to tell you this. You wanna know why she called you?
george: Youre a back-up, youre a second-line, a just-in-case, a B-plan, a contingency!
george: Claire, Claire, youre a woman, right?
george: Uhm...Id like to ask you...ask you to analyze a hypothetical phone call, you know, from a female point of view.
george: (to Claire) Now, a woman calls me, all right?
george: She says she has to come to New York on business...
george: ...and, and maybe shell see me when she gets there, does this woman intend to spend time with me?
george: To be polite. I rest my case.
george: Im not gonna watch you do laundry.
george: Come on, Im tired.
george: (panicking) Right, I knew I felt something!
george: Jerry? I have to tell you something. This is the dullest moment Ive ever experienced.
george: I need a break, Jerry, you know. I gotta get out of the city. I feel so cramped...
george: What?!
george: I cant believe- (falls on his knees) WE ALREADY DISCUSSED THIS!
george: Cause its signals, Jerry, its signals! (snapping his fingers) Dont you- all right. Did she even ask you, what you were doin tomorrow night, if you were busy?
george: She calls you today and she doesnt make a plan for tomorrow? What is that? Its Saturday night!
george: What is that? Its ridiculous! You dont even know what hotel shes staying at, you cant call her. Thats a signal, Jerry, thats a signal! (snaps his fingers) Signal!
george: Maybe Im right? Of course Im right.
george: I know, I know. Listen, your stuff has to be done by now, why dont you just see if its dry?
george: Youre gonna overdry it.
george: Why not?
george: (to the other laundry patrons) Any questions?
george: Look at that. Theyre done!
george: You know, I cant believe youre bringin in an extra bed for woman that wants to sleep with you. Why dont you bring in an extra guy too?
george: All right, all right, one more time, one more time! What was the exact phrasing of the request?
george: A decent hotel-room...
george: You cant be serious. This is New York city. There must be eleven million decent hotel rooms! Whatta you need? A flag? (waving his handkerchief) This is the signal, Jerry, this is the signal!
george: I think I was affected by the caffeine.
george: Ho, ho, ho, good dog, good dog...
george: Well, thats flattering.
george: Right, can we go? Cause Im double-parked, Im gonna get a ticket.
george: So what? Thats good.
george: Because filth is good. Whaddaya think, rock stars have sponges and ammonia lyin around the bathroom? They, have a woman comin over, Ive gotta tidy up? Yeah right, in these matters you never do what your instincts tell you. Always, ALWAYS do the opposite.
george: Yeah, I wish.
george: Yeah.
george: (feeling awkward) Its uh, not bad, its comin along. Why? Did you need something.
george: Well, I might be getting into that.
george: Im aware of you. (to Jerry) All right, lets go (opens the bathroom door) Lets go!
george: What a world that would be, if you just could ask a woman what shes thinkin.
george: Listen, listen, dont get worked up, cause youre gonna know the whole story the minute she steps off the plane.
george: Cause its all in the greeting.
george: All right, if she puts the bags down before she greets you, thats a good sign.
george: You know, anything in the, in the lip area is good.
george: You know a hug definitely good.
george: Sure.
george: Thats so brutal, I hate that.
george: Thats why, you know, a shake is bad.
george: Hand sandwich.
george: I see, well, thats open to interpretation. Because so much depends on the layering and the quality of the wetness in the eyes.
george: Hi, how are you?
george: Laura, sure.
george: Yes, the surprise blindfold greeting. That wasnt in the manual, I dont know.
george: What does she look like?
george: What actress does she remind you of?
george: Loni Anderson?!
george: Yeah, sure. I was showing a condo on 48th street. Besides, you think I wanna miss this? (chuckles)
george: Yeah, me too...
george: You came to see me. I work in the building.
george: Im an architect.
george: Im not?
george: (somewhat annoyed) I suppose you could be an architect.
george: All right, shes not even gonna ask, if we see her, which is remote.
george: Were having lunch with a friend. He works in the building.
george: Bert... Har... bin... son. Bert Har-bin-son.
george: No good? All right, uh how about Art... Cor.....
george: ...velay.
george: Yeah, right.
george: Hes an importer.
george: (annoyed) Hes an importer/exporter, okay? (beat) Elaine ever call you back?
george: I dont understand, you never talk to her about other women?
george: (anxious) I forgot who I am! Who am I?!
george: Vandelay!
george: Let me be the architect! I can do it!
george: Nice to meet you.
george: Yeah, Art Vandelay.
george: ...And exporter.
george: (clears his throat) Im, uh, Im an architect.
george: Uh, railroads, uh...
george: They can...
george: Ill just, uh, get a paper...
george: (from the intercom) Yeah.
george: (to Jerry) Ready?
george: Hey, Elaine.
george: Coming to the airport with us?
george: Oh, the actress-waitress?
george: So just kick her out.
george: Yeah, well...a little rough finding something good in your price-range. (to Jerry) But you, my friend, may be in luck.
george: No no no, this ones different. This ones a beauty!
george: I havent seen it yet, but its a two-bedroom, its on the uh, west 83rd, bout a half block from the park?
george: Uh, twice what youre payin here, but its a great building. Its two bedrooms!
george: Yeah, tell im. But quickly, Im double parked here.
george: Lets not forget the radiator. The steam has been on here for ten years. No human can turn this off.
george: Jerry, what do you, you wanna, you wanna see the place or not?
george: I dont know how you put up with this.
george: I didnt know there was a fireplace. A fireplace, that's incredible.
george: I didnt know there was a fireplace.
george: A garden! I cant believe theres a garden!
george: (to Elaine) You dont tip a gardener!
george: You dont need a gardener.
george: I have plants. (snorts)
george: Its your decision.
george: (unenthusiastic) Congratulations.
george: (from the intercom) Yeah, its George.
george: Hey, whats goin on?
george: (frantic) Oh, Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry, listen, if, if you are feeling uncomfortable about this at all, at all. Do not feel like you have to take it.
george: If youre having second thoughts, if you didnt want it, dont worry about it because uh, you know, I, I...I could take it, you know.
george: No, I dont want it. I want it, if you dont want it.
george: No I, I want it if you dont want it.
george: No, Im saying, if a situation arose in which you didnt want it, I might take it.
george: How can I take it?
george: Its your apartment!
george: Yes, but I am not taking it.
george: I, I dont know.
george: Who flips? Youll flip, Ill call.
george: Im good.
george: No catchin.
george: Flip it.
george: Heads!
george: No, it hit the table, it hit the table.
george: Interference! You cant count that! Come on, are you crazy?! The coin cannot touch anything, it affects it.
george: You dont have to call that! Thats a rule!
george: Oh oh oh, all right, fine, Jerry, you win. Take it, just take it!
george: Okay. (They walk around each other.) OK. Ill choose you. Whaddaya want?
george: I want evens.
george: You got odds.
george: Right, ready?
george: Mine!
george: Congratulations...congratulations.
george: I'm just gonna...wash. (George walks to the bathroom; screaming) WHY DID I PUT UP TWO? WHY DID I PUT UP TWO?
george: I love the mirror in that bathroom! I dont know what in the hell it is. I look terrific in that mirror. (George sits.) I dont know if its the tile or the lighting... I feel like Robert Wagner.
george: I dont know, I cant eat. You, you cant have anything anymore. Look at this, look at this. Eggs out. Coffee out. French fries out. BLT out! I go to visit my grandparents three big brisket sandwiches, Im sittin here with a carrot! Theyre closing in on a hundred, Im sayin to them, How can you eat that stuff? (They look at their menus again.) Im so sick about losin that choose, you dont know.
george: What?!
george: Why not?!
george: Oh, get outta here.
george: I wont mope.
george: No, impossible! Its your apartment.
george: You won the choose.
george: Well, me neither.
george: Definitely.
george: No, its not a problem, I can get rid of the apartment this afternoon.
george: Oh, its a great place, its uh two-bedroom uh, west 83rd bout half block from the park.
george: I dont know, what were doin here, this is ridiculous.
george: The table is interference, you know it!
george: It is too!
george: Hi, Carol.
george: Were really glad for you.
george: Were aware of the proximity to the park, yes.
george: Nice meeting you.
george: I had to say something. (chuckles) I had to say something. Everything was going so well. I had to say something.
george: I told her I liked her. Why? Why did I tell her I like her? I have this sick compulsion to tell women how I feel. I like you I dont tell you.
george: Im outta the picture. I am outta the picture. (laughs) Its only a matter of time now.
george: Oh, no. No no no no.
george: Ill tell you when it happened. When that floss came flying out of my pocket.
george: We were in the lobby during the intermission of the play. I was buying her one of those containers of orange drink, for five dollars. I reached into my pocket to pay for it, I looked down; theres this piece of green floss hanging from my fingers.
george: Of course. So, Im looking at it. I look up, I see shes looking at it. Our eyes lock. It was a horrible moment. I just..
george: If I didnt put that floss in my pocket, Id be crawling around her bedroom right now looking for my glasses.
george: Yes, I am.
george: What? You dont like this?
george: What do you mean Wednesday? I though we had tickets to the Knick game Wednesday. We got seats behind the bench! What happened? Were not going?
george: Oh. Who is this guy?
george: I dont know why you even bother with this ping pong guy, Ill tell you that.
george: I dont understand why you spend time with this guy.
george: No no no no, you have to approach this as if he was a woman.
george: Absolutely. You just tell him the truth.
george: ...she calls me up at my office
george: (cont'd) she says, We have to talk.
george: That, or Whos bra is this?
george: So we order lunch, and were talking. Finally, she blurts out how its not working.
george: So, Im thinking, as shes saying this, Im thinking great, the relationships over. But the egg salads on the way. So now I have a decision Do I walk or do I eat?
george: We sat there for twenty minutes, chewing, staring at each other in a defunct relationship.
george: Have you ever had their egg salad?
george: Its unbelievable. You know what else is unbelievable? I picked up the check. She didnt even offer. She ended it. The least she could do is send me off with a sandwich.
george: Its my money. What should I do? Throw it out the window? I know a guy who took his vacation on his change.
george: (sarcastically) Thats funny. Youre a funny guy.
george: Ewings hurt? How long is he going to be out?
george: Geez.
george: I got scared there for a second. The Knicks without Ewing.
george: What about it?
george: What?
george: (not believing him) You what?!
george: No! My ticket?! You gave my ticket to Horneck?
george: Why did you give him my ticket for?
george: Oh, cmon, Jerry. I cant believe this.
george: Oh, please. (to the teller) Can you change this into bills?
george: Im not going with him. I dont even know the guy. (to the teller) Look, they did this for me before.
george: You want me to roll six thousand of these?! What, should I quit my job?!
george: ...thirty-two, thirty-three-
george: Not now.
george: Nnnnnnngaaa!
george: What?!
george: Oh, yeah, sure. Keep your money.
george: Oh geeeee. (George pantomimes sticking a knife in his heart, and twists it.) Go, go!
george: He was really crying?
george: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. As long as youre going to lie to the guy, why dont you tell him that you lost both of the tickets, then we can go?
george: This is the thing where you go and you have to make your own pizza?
george: You know, you have to know how to do that. You cant have people shoving their arms into a six-hundred degree oven!
george: Oh, well...
george: My moneys all tied up in change right now.
george: Trapezoid?
george: I never heard him say anything really funny.
george: You would think that, but either youre born with a sense of humor, or youre not. Its not going to change even if you go from the red sun of Krypton all the way to the yellow sun of the Earth.
george: I dont know. But he aint funny.
george: Pardon?
george: Guys with cats... I dont know.
george: Oh, no. No no no no no. Id have to advise against that. What, do you know this woman a month? Lets see, youre going to be with her seventy-two hours. Thats a dating decathlon.
george: Thats exquisite. Listen, uh, if its not too much trouble, could you pass me that paper over there?
george: Up again?! This is incredible! Im.. Im getting it.
george: A stock.
george: Did you ever meet my friend, Simons?
george: He knows this guy, Wilkinson. He made a fortune in the stock market. Now hes got some new thing. You know, theres supposed to be a big merger. He wasnt even supposed to say anything. You guys should think about doing this too.
george: I dont know. But Simons said that if I wanted to get involved, that Wilkinson would tell me the exact right minute to sell. You wanna do it?
george: Its called Sendrax. Theyve got some new kind of technique for televising opera.
george: Some sort of electronic thingy.
george: Five thousand... Ten. Ten thousand. Five thousand.
george: Cmon. Wilkinsons got millions invested in this stock. Its gone up three points since Ive been watching it.
george: Cmon, go for twenty-five hundred. Well do it together. Come on, come on. Were in it together.
george: Thats it.
george: (Gesturing to Jerry) Check the raiser.
george: Ill have the tuna.
george: All Simons was able to find out is that hes in the hospital.
george: Of course hes been in touch with him. Hes left two messages. He just hasnt heard back yet, thats all.
george: Just give it a little more time.
george: All right, all right. Thats it. Im gonna go down there.
george: To the hospital.
george: Im going to find out whats going on. All right?
george: So what? Ill start talking to him, you know, casual, and Ill work my way around to it.
george: Maybe hes resting.
george: What are you, a doctor?
george: Today. Im going today. Just dont do anything until you hear from me.
george: (to the woman) Boy, I have to get to a bathroom.
george: Fifteen seconds.
george: Yeah, I mentioned Simons. Next thing I know, Im in the parking lot. Perhaps they had some sort of a falling out. Ill tell you one thing. I dont know what hes got. But for a sick guy, hes very strong.
george: (laughs) Not quite.
george: Im keeping it. Im going down with the ship.
george: (laughing) Have something else. Cmon, have a little dessert?
george: Elaine, get something! Its all taken care of.
george: So dont finish it.
george: I dont like to discuss figures.
george: I dont know, what? Eight thousand. Its a Hyundai. Get out of here. I told you not to sell. Simons made money, Wilkinson cleaned up.
george: He chose the cats?
george: I told you those trips were relationship killers. Too bad you cant get your buddy Superman to fly around the Earth at super speed and reverse time. Youd get all the money back, you could have avoided the whole trip to Vermont...
george: Pst. (moves in close with Elaine and Jerry) Wilkinsons got a bite on a new one. Petramco Corp. Out of, uh Springfield. I think. Theyre about to introduce some sort of a robot butcher.
george: Shhhhh. If you want to get in, theres very little time. (calling to the waitress) Sweetheart.. (Waitress approaches and tears off a check. George stops her.) No, no, no. That ought to cover it. (He hands her some money; she turns to leave; George stops her.) Just a second. Just a... let me jus-peek... (He looks at the check, then takes some money out of her hand. George urges Jerry and Elaine to eat.) Come on, come on, come on...
george: She cant kill me right?
george: People break up all the time.
george: It just didnt work out. What can I do? I wanted to love her. I tried to love her. I couldnt.
george: I kept looking at her face. Id go, Cmon, love her. Love her!
george: Oh, I had no choice. She squeezed it out of me! Shed tell me she loved me. All right, at first, I just look at her. Id go, Oh, really? Or uh, Boy, thats, thats something. But, eventually you have to come back with, Well, I love you. You know, you can only hold out for so long.
george: And I didnt even ask her out. She asked me out first. She called me up. What was I supposed to do? Say no? (laughs) I cant do that to someone.
george: I am. Im a nice guy. And she seduced me! We were in my apartment, Im sitting on the couch, shes on the chair. I get up to go to the bathroom, I come back, shes on the couch. What am I supposed to do? Not do anything? I couldnt do that. I wouldve insulted her.
george: I had nothing to do wtih any of this! I met all her friends, I didnt want to meet them. I kept trying to avoid it. I knew it would only get me in deeper. But they were everywhere! They kept popping up all over the place. This is Nancy, this is Susan, this is Amy, this is my cousin, this is my brother, this is my father... Its like Im in quicksand.
george: My back is killing me.
george: Oh yeah, everybodys guy is the best.
george: Please. They dont do anything. Look, do I have to break up with her in person? Cant I do it over the phone? I-I have no stomach for these things.
george: Im letting you in.
george: No, you wont.
george: Okay.
george: Please, it doesnt look good. Boy, boy, girl.
george: Is it that obvious?
george: (singing; imitating Tony Bennett) You know, Id go from nods to nothing...
george: I think you absolutely have to say something to this guy. Confront him.
george: Yes.
george: If I was a different person.
george: Im outta there. I did it! Its over.
george: I told her. In the kitchen  which was risky cause its near all the knives. I started with the word Listen.
george: I said, Listen Marlene, and then the next thing I know, Im in the middle of it. And theres this voice inside of me going, Youre doing it! Youre doing it! And then she started to cry, and I weakened a bit. I almost relented, but the voice, Jerry, the voice said, Keep going, keep going. Youre almost out! Its like I was making a prison break, you know, and Im heading for the wall, and I trip and I twist my ankle, and they throw the light on you, you know. So, somehow I get though the crying and I keep running. Then the cursing started. Shes firing at me from the guard tower. Son of a bang! Son of a boom! I get to the top of the wall  the front door. I opened it up, Im one foot away, I took one last look around the penitentiary, and I jumped!
george: Uh, no, I, I dont think so.
george: Oh no, thank you.
george: No, really. No, no, thanks.
george: Except for one small problem. Hah, I left some books in her apartment.
george: Oh, no no, I cant go back there. Jerry, its so awkward and, you know, it could be dangerous sexually. Something could happen, Id be right back where I started from.
george: Well, yeah.
george: I dont know. Theyre books.
george: Theyre my books.
george: Jerry, its not my fault.
george: It's standard. Has she left you one of those messages where she uses up the whole machine?
george: What trying to get off the phone?
george: Just do it like a Band-Aid. One motion. Right off! (beat) She is sexy though. Dont you think?
george: Yeah.
george: (to Jerry, sarcastically) Yeah, doctor. Im going to have to wait in that little room all by myself, arent I? (He picks up a crossword puzzle.) I better take this. I hate the little room. (George walks into the hallway that leads to the doctors office.) Oh, hello, Doctor.
george: I was in there for two minutes. He didnt do anything. Touch this, feel that  seventy-five bucks!
george: Whats seventy-five bucks?! What, am I seeing Sinatra in there?! Am I being entertained? I dont understand this. Im only paying half.
george: Why not?
george: Oh, no no no. I pay what I say.
george: (considers for a second) I dont care.
george: No, I dont care.
george: Absolutely.
george: No.
george: I dont know. But I dont. Im actually almost happy to hear it.
george: I guess I should be, but Im not.
george: Youre a fine person. Youre a humanitarian. Shes very sexy.
george: I know. I know.
george: See her tonight. See her tomorrow. Go. Knock yourself out. Shes too crazy for me.
george: Im okay. Im fine. Im wonderful. I never felt better in my whole life.
george: (shocked and angry) You paid that crook?!
george: He didnt do anything, Jerry. Its a scam! Who told you to do that?
george: Oh, I was trying to make a point.
george: (gasping) I think I swallowed a fly! I swallowed a fly! What do I do? (He turns to a coffee shop patron at the counter.) What can happen?!
george: You know, Ive been thinking. I cannot envision any circumstances in which Ill ever have the opportunity to have sex again. Hows it gonna happen? I just dont see how it could occur.
george: They always make me take stock of my life. And how Ive pretty much wasted all of it, and how I plan to continue wasting it.
george: You know, I cant believe youre even considering not playing. We need you. Youre hitting everything.
george: (to Jerry) Whos going to play left field?
george: Bender? He cant play left. He stinks. I just dont see what purpose is it gonna serve your going? I mean, you think dead peole care whos at their funeral? They dont even know theyre having a funeral. Its not like shes hanging out in the back going, I cant believe Jerry didnt show up.
george: If youre a spirit, and you can travel to other dimensions and galaxies, and find out the mysteries of the universe, you think shes gonna wanna hang around Drexlers funeral home on Ocean Parkway?
george: You know how easy it is for dead people to travel? Its not like getting on a bus. One second. (snaps his fingers) Its all mental.
george: Who gets picked off in softball? Its unheard of.
george: And then in the fifth inning, why did you take off on the pop fly?
george: (smiling) What about Sharon Besser?
george: Maybe Manya missed the funeral because she was off visiting another galaxy that day.
george: Not necessarily.
george: (singing) Master of the house/Doling out the charm/Ready with a handshake and an open palm/Tells a saucy talk/Loves to make a stir/Everyone appreciates a...
george: Oh, its from Les Miserables. I went to see it last week. I cant get it out of my head. I just keep singing it over and over. It just comes out. I have no control over it. Im singin it on elevators, buses. Im singin it in front of clients. Its taken over my life.
george: Artie Schuman? From Camp Hatchapee?
george: What are you, Bud Abbott? What are you callin me an idiot?
george: Oh, Schumann. Of course.
george: Really? (Jerry nods his head) Well, what if it doesnt stop? Oh, that I really needed to hear. That helps a lot! All right, just say something. Just start talking. Change the subject. Lets just go, All right? I cant believe were having dinner with Alton Benes.
george: Yeah, hell be looking at us like hes backstage at a puppet show.
george: (singing)  Master of the house/Keeper of the inn... (Jerry re-enters the living room and modestly models his new jacket for George. George is impressed.) This is huge! When did this happen?
george: Can I say one thing to you? And I say this with an unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality.
george: Its fabulous.
george: And Ill tell you something else, Im not even going to ask you. I want to know. But Im not gonna ask. Youll tell me when you feel comfortable. So what was it? Four hundred? Five hundred? Did you pay five hundred for this? (Jerry coyly ignores Georges questions, while George grows increasingly serious.) Over six? Cant be seven. Dont tell me you paid seven hundred dollars for this jacket! Did you pay seven hundred dollars for this jacket? Is that what youre saying to me? You are sick! Is that what you paid for this jacket? Over seven hundred? What did you pay for this jacket?! I wont say anything. I wanna know what you paid for this jacket! Oh my God! A thousand dollars?! You paid a thousand dollars for this jacket?! All right, fine. (George heads for the door.) Im walking outta here right now thinking you paid a thousand dollars for this jacket, unless you tell me different. (Jerry remains silent.) Oh, ho! All right! Ill tell you what, if you dont say anything in the next five seconds, Ill know it was over a thousand.
george: Well, Im going with him. Id like to... Ive never done a solid before.
george: (singing) Master of the House/Quick to catch your eye/Never wants a passerby to pass him by...
george: Maybe he didnt show up.
george: I dont think theres ever been an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up. (George notices an elderly man in a leather chair.) Wait a second, is that him?
george: Im nervous.
george: Its a great thrill to meet you, Sir.
george: And, Ill have a club soda with no ice.
george: You like ice?
george: I said, do you like ice?
george: Dont you think you get more without it?
george: Yeah, yeah. Shes punctual... and uh shes been late, sometimes.
george: I guess... (chuckles) today shes late.
george: Yup.
george: I know, I know, thats what they said.
george: The weather guy, Dr. Waldo.
george: No, of course not. I didnt-
george: (pointing at Jerry) Oh, hes the comedian.
george: No, no. Hes just being modest.
george: I just wanted to tell you that I really enjoyed Fair Game. I thought it was just brilliant.
george: Yea, well, maybe some parts.
george: The... drivel... parts. Oh my gosh, I just realized  I have to make a phone call. I-I cant believe- Would you-
george: Thank you for leaving me alone with him!
george: Well, lets just leave.
george: Where is she?
george: How could she leave us alone with this lunatic? Ten more minutes, and thats it! Im leaving. I have to tell you, this guy scares me.
george: If she doesnt show up, we cant possibly have dinner with him alone.
george: Well say were frightened and we have to go home.
george: I dont know. Just start scratching. Tell him you have the crabs. He was in the military. Hell understand that.
george: (improvising) My uh uncle is having an operation. I just wanted to see how he was.
george: Bone marrow.
george: Sure, Guatamala...
george: Come on, lets go!
george: To hell with Elaine!
george: Were dying here!
george: (contemptuously, imitating Altons voice) Hes in the bathroom.
george: Couldnt be better.
george: Get outta here..
george: Where do you come up with this stuff?
george: (singing) Master of the house/Doling out the charm/Ready with a handshake and an open...
george: I wouldnt think so.
george: (to Jerry) Why dont you just turn it inside out?
george: Its uh, it's only a few blocks.
george: (excited) So then, as we were leaving, we were just kind of standing there, and she was sort of smiling at me, and I wasnt sure if she wanted me to ask her out, because when women smile at me I dont know what it means. Sometimes I interpret it like theyre psychotic or something and I dont know if Im supposed to smile back, I dont know what to do. So I just stood there like  remember how Quayle looked when Benson gave him that Kennedy line? Thats what I looked like.
george: No, I froze.
george: Oh yeah. So wait, wait. A half-hour later Im back in the office, I tell Lloyd the whole story. He says, So why dont you call her? I says, I cant. I couldnt, I couldnt do it right then. For me to ask a woman out I gotta get into a mental state like the karate guys before they break the bricks. So Lloyd calls me a wuss.
george: Yeah. Anyway, he shamed me into it.
george: Right. And, and to cover my nervousness I started eating an apple, because I think if they hear you chewing on the other end of the phone, it makes you sound casual.
george: Right. So I call her up, I tell her its me, she gives me an enthusiastic Hi!
george: Oh, I dont get the enthusiastic hi, Im outta there.
george: So, were talking, and I dont like to go too long before I ask them out, I wanna get it over with right away, so I just blurt out, What are you doing Saturday night?
george: She bought.
george: Then I got off the phone right away.
george: Its amazing. We, we both have dates on the same night. I cant remember the last time that happened.
george: I cant stand doing laundry. Thats why I have forty pairs of underwear.
george: Absolutely. Because instead of doing a wash, I just keep buying underwear. My goal is to have over three hundred and sixty pair. That way, I only have to do wash once a year.
george: Yeah. (clears his throat) We should do this again.
george: Oh, no, thanks. I cant drink coffee late at night, it keeps me up.
george: Okay.
george: Yeah, take it easy.
george: (frustrated) Take it easy! Huh! Take it easy!
george: She invites me up at twelve oclock at night, for coffee, and I dont go up. No thank you. I dont want coffee. It keeps me up. Too late for me to drink coffee. I said this to her. People this stupid shouldnt be allowed to live. I cant imagine what she must think of me.
george: She invited me up. Coffees not coffee, coffee is sex.
george: Coffees coffee in the morning. Its not coffee at twelve oclock at night.
george: Yeah, people who work at NORAD, whore on twenty-four hour missile watch. Everything was going along so great. She was laughing, I was funny... I kept saying to myself, Keep it up, dont blow it, youre doing great.
george: I cant call her now. Its too soon. Im planning a Wednesday call.
george: Of course you do, but youre imagining a guy you like, not a guy who goes, Oh no, I dont drink coffee late at night. If I call her now, shes gonna think Im too needy. Women dont wanna see need. They want a take-charge guy  a colonel, a Kaiser, a tsar.
george: That's exactly what I'm trying to avoid!
george: Yes, she wants me to like her, if she likes me. But she doesnt like me!
george: All right, I gotta make a call. Everybody out, come on.
george: Because I cant call a woman with other people in the room. Come on, lets go.
george: Yes.
george: (to Elaine) Right, alright. (to Jerry) Oh Jerry, do you have any apples?
george: Um, hi, its George, George Costanza, remember me? The guy that didnt come up for coffee. You see, I didnt realise that coffee didnt really mean... well, whatever. Anyway, it was fun. It was... it was fun, so... oh boy, um, so... You call me back. If you want. Its up to you, you know, whatever you wanna do. Either way. The balls in your court. So uh, take it easy.
george: Got her machine. Im dead, Im a dead man. Thats it. Im dead, Im a dead man. Dead man.
george: I dont know what the hell I said. I gave her an ultimatum and theres nothing I can do. Its a machine. The little light is blinking right now, Come and listen to the idiot. Hey everybody, the idiots on!
george: Now Im in the worst position of all.
george: He did that?
george: Somebody did that?
george: Wait till you hear this! (George sees Donna and no Jerry.) Whoa, ah, Im sorry, I didnt, I had no idea.
george: I just wanted to talk to him for a minute, but Ill come back.
george: You sure?
george: Okay.
george: Donna. Oh, youre the one that likes that commercial!
george: (back-pedalling) No, he, he didnt actually tell me that, uh, we were talking about that commercial  in fact I think I brought it up because I like that commercial. No, he, he would never tell me anything. He never discusses anything. Hes, hes like a clam. Youre not gonna mention this, to him...
george: Say? What? Nothing, I...
george: (to Donna) Why did you have to get me in trouble?
george: Boy oh boy.
george: Hello! All right, we should be going. Come on...
george: Come on!
george: I cant believe I said that. You know me, Im a vault.
george: You are not gonna believe whats going on with this woman.
george: Okay, so you remember I made the initial call Sunday, she doesnt call back. I call again Monday, I leave another message. I call Tuesday, I get the machine again, I know youre there, I dont know what your story is. Yesterday, Im a volcano  I try one more call, the machine comes on, and I let fly like Mussolini from the balcony, Where the hell do you get the nerve? You invite me up for coffee and then you dont call me back for four days? I dont like coffee, I dont have to come up. Id like to get one more shot at the coffee just so I could spit it in your face.
george: I lost it.
george: She did. Today.
george: She called my office. She said shes been in the Hamptons since Sunday. She didnt know if I was trying to get in touch with her. Her machine broke, and shes been using her old machine and she doesnt have the beeper for it.
george: Exactly, but theyre on there  waiting. She said she cant wait to see me, were having dinner tonight. Shes supposed to call me as soon as she gets home.
george: Ill meet her outside the building.
george: Unless she goes for the bathroom. Thats my only chance. (George crumbles. He drops the cassette on the table.) Who am I kidding? I cant do this, I cant do this. I dont even know how to work those stupid machines.
george: You do it for me.
george: Come on, itll be so much easier.
george: Ill tell her I bumped into you, Im giving you a ride uptown.
george: You do.
george: I think I may be in love with this woman.
george: Oh, you are such a wuss.
george: Yeah.
george: Well there is traffic. It might take her till eight-fifteen.
george: A signal, right, um, okay, uh, okay, the signal is, Ill call out tippy-toe!
george: You dont like tippy toe?
george: All right, uh, okay, I got it, um, Ill sing.
george: How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?
george: Oh, its a lovely song. (singing) How do you solve a problem like Maria?...
george: You pick it.
george: Peter, Paul and Mary.
george: Alright ok. You got the tape?
george: How do you feel? Confident?
george: You nervous?
george: Get up, get up, its her! Oh, the hell with this, Im scared to death, just walk away, its off, cancel everything, go!
george: I, I couldnt wait. I was too anxious to see you.
george: Oh, this is my friend, Jerry Seinfeld. I just bumped into him around the corner. Isnt that a coincidence? The funny thing is, I see him all the time.
george: You know, we could go uptown, and that way we could give Jerry a ride home.
george: Dont you wanna go upstairs first?
george: Yes, yes, but uh, I have to make a call, so...
george: I know Jerry. He has this phobia about public toilets. I think we really should go upstairs.
george: Right, right.
george: No, no that can happen. Ive, uh, Ive read about that in medical journals. Its a freak thing, but...
george: Uh, Carol, can I talk to you for a second? Right now?
george: Please, this is very, very important.
george: (from other room) Uh, tippy toe! Tippy toe! Lemon tree!
george: Carol, thats so rude. Please, Im serious, just for a moment, if you wouldnt mind. And then well talk to Jerry.
george: (to Jerry) Dont you find that strange?
george: Oh, uh...
george: Thanks, see you later, Donna.
george: What happened to you?
george: What? What did you do?
george: What did you do?
george: Done what?
george: Elaines moving into your building?
george: Right above you?
george: Youre gonna be neighbors.
george: Shes right above you?
george: How could you do that?
george: Dont insult me, my friend. Remember who youre talking to. No ones a bigger idiot than me.
george: Did you ever go to a singles weekend in the Poconos?
george: Youre doomed. Youre gonna have to have all your sex at womens apartments. Itll be like a permanent road trip. Forget about the home bed advantage.
george: Of course. We all do.
george: I was just in there. Its embarrassing.
george: They saw me walk out.
george: My censor quit two years ago. He checked into a clinic. Emotionally exhausted.
george: Tough.
george: I never heard of anyone would turned down an apartment because of a weak shower spray.
george: For that rent, shed take a bath in the toilet tank if she had to.
george: Id like to have a kid. Of course, you have to have a date first... Remember my friend, Adam, from Detroit?
george: Hes a cube. Anyway, he got married six months ago. He told me ever since hes been wearing a wedding band, women have been coming on to him everywhere he goes.
george: I wonder if thats really true.
george: Thanks a lot. Ill give it back to you in a week.
george: Im not doing that.
george: No, Ill put half a can of mousse in my head like you.
george: What happened to you?
george: (jubilant) Five thousand dollars? She doesnt have five thousand dollars!
george: So, she cant get the apartment.
george: So, she doesnt move in.
george: And how does the baldness fit into that plan?
george: Are you kidding? I lie every second of the day. My whole life is a sham!
george: Of course you do.
george: Yeah, my wife couldnt make it today. Shes got something with her mother... Who knows whats going on with her. Dont let any one kid you, its tough.
george: ...yeah, my wife started getting on me about the lawn today. Im tellin you, its one thing after another.
george: Uh no no, shes working.
george: Shes an... etymologist. You know, bees, flies, gnats. W-What about you?
george: (calling after her) But..
george: Im sorry, I dont see the big deal about being a matador. The bull charges, you move the cape, whats so hard?
george: (laughs) Youd have to be a real loser to try something like that.
george: Umm, Im not. Its just a sociological experiment!
george: Is that right? I just threw away a lifetime of guilt-free sex, and floor seats for ever sporting event in Madison Square Garden. So please, a little respect. For I am Costanza Lord of the Idiots!
george: But suddenly, a new contender has emerged...
george: That took awhile.
george: Id like to help, but my neck..
george: So how long has it been in the basement?
george: Whats in it?
george: I know someone wholl do it. Shes good. Shes honest.
george: Students cant clean. Its anathema. (explaining) They dont like it.
george: Wait a second. (George gets up and heads for the statue in Kramers hands.) I cant believe this! Let me see this.
george: Let me just see it.
george: Let me just see it for a second.
george: Oh my God, its exactly the same!
george: When I was ten years old, my parents had this very same statue on the mantle of our apartment. Exactly. And, one day, I grabbed it, and I was using it as a microphone. I was singing, MacArthur Park, and I got to the part about, Ill never have that recipe again, and it slipped out of my hand and it broke. My parents looked at me like I smashed the ten commandments. To this day, they bring it up. It was the single most damaging experience in my life, aside from seeing my father naked.
george: No, Kramer. I have to have this statue.
george: What? No dibs! I need this statue. Cmon, give it!
george: No, no, no potato man. Inka-dink.
george: Yeah, good, good.
george: No, no, no, no, Im It. I win.
george: (not expecting the statue to be thrown) Dit.
george: I cant believe I won at Inka-dink.
george: Yea.
george: No, no, no, I dont want to carry it around all night. Ill pick it up later.
george: (to Kramer) What about your stuff?
george: What?
george: Its bad?
george: We cant just let him get away with this.
george: Forget it? I already called my parents. I told them to expect the surprise of a lifetime. My mothers making her roasted potatoes!
george: Who is this Rava?
george: Let me just call him.
george: Oh, he stole it!
george: I thought you said one oclock.
george: Remember, dont take any crap.
george: Ill be right here.
george: (muttering to himself) I wonder why.
george: What is he talking about?
george: Yeah, him.
george: You already got it.
george: Take a wild guess.
george: What a mind.
george: I cant believe what Im hearing.
george: Pawn shop?
george: Cleaning them out.
george: Again with the Rava.
george: Oh, I find you so charming. You wuss.
george: Singapore?! Do you hear this?
george: Thats it! Thats it! I cant take it. I cant take it anymore! You stole the statue! Youre a theif! Youre a liar!
george: Im the judge and the jury, pal. And the verdict is guilty!
george: GUILTY!
george: Oh, Im crazy!
george: Oh ho! Class, huh? At Columbia? Let me tell you something, pal. I called the registrars office. I checked you out. They have no record of a Ray Thomas at that school! You liar!
george: You mean alias.
george: Well, that was bound to happen.
george: Ma, will you stop?... Its just a statue!... How is it my fault?!... It was stolen. I didnt even touch it this time... Okay, fine... I dont see why this should affect to potatoes!... Okay... Goodbye. (George hangs up.) She doesnt react to disappointment very well. Unlike me.
george: Theres just no justice. This experience has changed me. Its made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded.
george: (casually) Sure, why not.
george: Yeah, hell have my parents.
george: Kramer, I cant believe it. Oh, youre my hero!
george: I feel like a huge weights been lifted off my shoulders. I... I... I feel happy! Kramer, I dont know how to thank you!
george: That's it. This is it. I'm done. Through. It's over. I'm gone. Finished. Over. I will never work for you again. Look at you. (laughing) You think you're an important man? Is that what you think? You are a laughingstock. You are a joke. These people are laughing at you. You're nothing! You have no brains, no ability, nothing! (knocking object over on desk) I quit!
george: Guess what.
george: Kramer. Guess what.
george: I quit my job.
george: I couldn't take it anymore.
george: I go in to use his private bathroom, everybody uses it, and then I get a memo - a memo - telling me to use the men's room in the hall. Well, (laughing) I mean we share it with Pace Electronics. It's disgusting!
george: I snapped! It was the last straw. (sighs)
george: Nobody's hiring now. The market's terrible.
george: I like sports. I could do something in sports.
george: You know, like the general manager of a baseball team or something.
george: Well, it doesn't even have to be the general manager. Maybe I could be like, an announcer. Like a color man. You know how I always make those interesting comments during the game.
george: What about that?
george: Well, that's really not fair.
george: Movies. I like to watch movies.
george: Do they pay people to watch movies?
george: That's true.
george: Right.
george: (scoffs) Those unions. (sighs) Okay. Sports,...movies. What about a talk show host?
george: I think I'd be good at that. I talk to people all the time. Someone even told me once they thought I'd be a good talk show host.
george: Yeah. A couple of people. I don't get that, though. Where do you start?
"george: You can't just walk into a building and say "" I wanna be a talk show host."""
george: It's all politics.
george: This could have been a huge mistake.
george: (sighs) Guess not. What should I do?
george: Go back?
george: You mean just walk into the staff meeting on Monday morning like it never happened?
george: Just..go back. Pretend the whole thing never happened.
george: I was just blowin' off a little steam. So what?
george: I'm emotional.
george: Never happened.
george: How ya doin'?
george: What? I work here.
george: What quit? (laughing) Who quit?
george: Yeah. Good weekend.
george: Aw, she's gonna be a fine sailor.
george: What?
george: When?
george: Oh, what? What? That? Are you kidding? I didn't quit. What? You took that seriously?
george: Come on. Will you stop it.
george: Teasing.
george: I don't know where you're getting this from. I....you're serious aren't you? Oh, (laughing) you see? You see, you just don't know my sense of humor. Dan, don't I joke around all the time?
"george: "" I'll always be a winner and you'll always be a loser."" This is what he said to me."
george: No. That's not that.
george: No.
george: I've got some plans. I got plans.
george: What's the difference?
george: I'm gonna slip him a mickey.
george: You don't understand. He's got this big party coming up. He's been looking forward to this for months. This is gonna destroy the whole thing.
george: No. No. No. No. No. Don't worry. It's perfectly safe. I researched it. He'll get a little woozy. He might keel over.
george: This is what they would do in the movies! It's a beautiful thing! It's like a movie! I'm gonna slip him a mickey!
george: Nah.
george: I got a source.
george: And Elaine is gonna keep him busy.
george: I told her what a sexist he is. How he cheats on his wife.
george: But she didn't know he doesn't recycle.
george: Revenge.
george: There's no chance of that.
george: That's him over there. The one that looks like a blowfish.
george: Yeah. Hey, thanks for doing this.
george: This is by far the most exciting thing I've ever done.
george: First time in my life I've ever gotten back at someone.
george: That's exactly what I told Jerry!
george: Yes! (both laugh) God, I've never felt so alive!
george: You go over there -
george: You start flirting with him and I'll come by and, while you're keeping him busy, I'll slip it in his drink.
george: (whispering) Glenda, can I ask you a favor? Can I have this seat?
george: (whispering) I can't explain. It's very important that I sit here.
george: (whispering angrily) Okay. Okay. Fine.
george: (trying again with Glenda) I'm gonna count to three. If you don't give up the chair, the wig is coming off.
george: One... (Glenda seeing George is serious; gets up and leaves)
george: Hello, Rick.
george: That's right, Ricky Boy, it's me!
george: Oh!
george: Boom!
george: Oh.
george: You want me to come back? Uh...
george: Rick.
george: Uh, Rick..
george: Rick.
george: Drink up. (Levitan takes a drink)
george: I like history. Civil War. Maybe I could be a professor, or something.
george: (talking to nobody) I like horses. Maybe I could be a stable boy.
george: (talking to nobody) Nah. It's probably a union thing.
george: Yeah, so what?
george: They refuse to put cucumber in the salad. I need cucumber.
george: Let me see that. (Studies the note)
george: (Still holding the note) I think I'm having a heart attack.
george: I'm not kidding.
george: Tightness..
george: Shortness of breath..
george: Radiating waves of pain..
george: There was nothing else on. Oh, the left arm.. the left arm.
george: Why can't I have a heart attack? I'm allowed.
george: Manhattan Memorial, less of a line.
george: We'll just take a check. (She leaves the check. George, in all his cheapness, can't help but to review the check. He finds an error) You made a mistake on the..
george: Are.. are you okay?
george: I'm George.. George Costanza.. I've never been in the hospital a day in my life.. except when I had my tonsils out. You know, they never gave me any ice cream. I always felt that-
george: No, no thanks.
george: Oh, sure, my Black Hawks jacket. I love my Black Hawks jacket.
george: Well, it wouldn't fit you. The sleeves are too short.
george: Well, I didn't really think about what I was gonna do with all..
george: (Reluctantly) Well, okay.
george: Susan Davis? (Getting possessive) Hey, wait a second..
george: I don't know.. you and Susan Davis?
george: Okay, go ahead. Call her, get married, have babies, have a great life.. What do I care? I'm finished. (Really depressed) It's all over for me. In fact, let's end it right now. Jerry, kill me, kill me now. I'm begging you. Let's just get it over with. Be a pal.. Just take the pillow and put it over my face.
george: What are ya doing?! Whadya, crazy?!
george: (To Jerry) Jerk off.
george: I'll tell ya, if I ever get out of here, I'm gonna change my life. I'm gonna do a whole Zen thing. Take up yoga, meditate.. I'll eat right. Calm down, lose my anger.. (Sees Jerry and Elaine aren't listening. He snaps) Hey, is anybody listening?!
george: (Panicky) Uh, yeah. You know, Doctor, I gotta tell you, I feel a lot better.
george: (Getting in a more panicked state) Oh God, Mommy!
george: (Relieved) I haven't? I'm okay? I'm okay? Oh, thank you, thank you, Doctor! I don't know how to thank you.
george: Oh, sure. Sure, anything. Can you believe it? There's nothing wrong with me.
george: (Starting to panic again) What? Oh my God. What? Is it meningitis? Scoliosis? Lupis?! Is it Lupis?!
george: My tonsils? Yeah, when I was a kid.
george: Really?
george: (Drawing attention back to him) Excuse me!
george: What? You mean with a knife?
george: (Angry) Yeah, that's what they told me the last time.
george: I have to have my tonsils taken out.
george: Well, what should I do, Kramer?
george: Holistic.. that sounds right.
george: (To Jerry) Let me ask you something.. How much do you think it would cost to have tonsils and adenoids removed in the hospital?
george: Uh-huh. And how much does the healer charge?
george: Oh, yeah? Holistic.. that's what I need. That's the answer.
george: So, how do you like the way I talked you into comin' down here?
george: All I know is I've been going to doctors all my life. What has it gotten me? I'm thirty-three years old. I haven't outgrown the problems of puberty, I'm already facing the problems of old age. I completely skipped healthy adulthood. I went from having orgasms immediately to taking forever. You could do your taxes in the time it takes me to have an orgasm. I've never had a normal, medium orgasm.
george: Besides, what's it gonna cost me? Thirty-eight bucks?
george: April.
george: Really?
george: Yes.
george: ..Okay.
george: Yes, yes I am.
george: (Still on the showers) Can I use hot water on my face?
george: (Still on the hot water) What about shaving?
george: I guess so.
george: (Once again, still on the shower) Could it be lukewarm?
george: (Takes a sip) Hey, it's not too bad..
george: (In a state of hysteria) I'm an eggplant! I'm an eggplant! I'm a minstrel man!
george: My face! My face! Get me to the hospital!
george: Now?! I'm a mutant!
george: My heart! My heart! (To Assistant) Where you going? Are you crazy?!
george: You can't leave! This is an ambulance! This is an emergency!
george: What's the deal with Aquaman? Could he go on land, or was he just restricted to water?
george: Still lookin'. It's pretty bad out there. What about you?
george: Oxygen! I need some oxygen! This is major.
george: Oh, this is huge!
george: All right, okay. Let's go, details.
george: You wha?
george: No details?
george: You ask me here to have lunch, tell me you slept with Elaine, and then say you're not in the mood for details. Now you listen to me. I want details and I want them right now. I don't have a job, I have no place to go. You're not in the mood? Well you get in the mood!
george: Where are you sitting?
george: Next to each other?
george: Time?
george: Okay, go ahead.
george: Oh, see? that's why I don't have cable in my house. Because of that naked station. If I had that in my house, I would never turn it off. I wouldn't sleep, I wouldn't eat. Eventually, firemen would have to break through the door, they'd find me sitting there in my pajamas with drool coming down my face. All right, all right. So you're watching the naked station.
george: Boy, these are really bad details.
george: Oh I hate to hear this. That kind of growth really irritates me.
george: Better than before?
george: This is all too much. So what are you feeling? What's going on? Are you like a couple again now?
george: Not exactly. What does that mean?
george: Where are you living? Are you here? Are you on this planet? It's impossible. It can't be done.
george: Oh, you know what you're like? You're like a pathetic gambler. You're one of those losers in Las Vegas who keeps thinking he's gonna come up with a way to win at blackjack.
george: Sure, all right. Tell me the rules.
george: (To himself) So you're havin' the sex, next day you don't have to call. That's pretty good. (Back to Jerry) Go ahead.
george: I have tell you, I'm pretty impressed with the first one.
george: No, you see? You got greedy.
george: I know less about women than anyone in the world. But one thing I do know is they're not happy if you don't spend the night. It could be a hot, sweaty room with no air conditioning and all they have is a little army cot this wide (Displays with French fry) You're not going anywhere.
george: I hope I am.
george: What about jewelry? That's very nice gift.
george: Maybe I'll get her some jewelry.
george: What am I supposed to get, a bazooka?
george: What does she need? Maybe there's something that she needs.
george: A bench? What kind of a bench?
george: What, like at a bus stop?
george: Like a park bench?
george: Who puts a bench in their house?
george: I got it. You wanna get her something nice? How 'bout a music box?
george: Okay, what about a nice frame? With a picture of another guy in it. Frame says I care for you, but if you wanna get serious, perhaps you'd be interested in someone like this.
george: What about candle holders?
george: Lingerie?
george: Waffle maker.
george: Bust of Nelson Rockefeller.
george: Let's work on the card.
george: Those birthdays. I told you. They're relationship killers. If a relationship is having any problems whatsoever, a birthday will always bring it out.
george: What is it about sex that just disrupts everything? Is it the touching? Is it the nudity?
george: You know what this means? I can't see her anymore either.
george: It's break up by association. Besides, she's mad at me anyway because of my birthday present.
george: 91 dollars.
george: So what're you gonna do?
george: So, maybe this should be it.
george: She seems like an it.
george: We'd have to kill him.
george: I'd go to prison as your accomplice. I'd have to wear that really heavy denim. Go to the cafeteria line with the guy who slops those mashed potatoes onto your plate. Go to the bathroom in front of hundreds of people.
george: You better call her.
george: (Shocked) She's pregnant? Leslie is pregnant?! Oh, see, there is no justice.
george: (Sarcastic) Yeah, performance artist. She's a real performer. A real trooper.
george: That woman was unequivocally the worst date of my life.
george: What, you don't think I can attract beautiful, intelligent women?
george: (Sarcastic) Maybe for her new performance piece she'll give birth on stage.
george: (Again, sarcastic) Oh, what a huge blow to the culture.
"george: She dragged me down to that warehouse on the waterfront in Brooklin to see one of her ""performances""."
george: God! She's cooking dinner for God! She's yelling and screaming, and the next thing I know, she throws a big can of chocolate syrup all over my new red shirt.
"george: Oh, yeah, sure, accident, right. She was aiming right at me like she was putting out a fire! Then, for the rest of the show, I'm sitting there with chocolate all over my shirt. Flies are landing on me. I'm boiling - I'm fantasizing all the things I'm gonna say when I see her. And later, finally, backstage when I talk to her, I'm a groveling worm. ""What kind of chocolate was that? Do you throw any other foods?"""
george: And then, then, then she leaves with somebody else! Never even, never even said goodbye! Never called me back.. Never apologized. Nothing. Like I was dirt.
george: I still have it. The collar's okay. I wear it under sweaters.
george: Let Maria Shriver give her a baby shower.
george: (Germanic) Ich bin ein sucker.
george: She doesn't deserve a baby shower. She deserves a baby monsoon. She deserves Rosemary's baby!
george: Never said goodbye. Never apologized. Nothing.
george: (Still mad a Leslie) Never said goodbye. Goodbye!
george: Someday, before I die, mark my words - I'm gonna tell that woman exactly what I think of her. I'll never be able to forgive myself until I do.
george: I still won't be able to forgive myself - but at least it won't be about this.
george: Sounds like a rough trip.
george: So, the college cancelled the gig?
george: (Modestly) Forget it.
george: It's nothing.
george: (Laughs nervously) ..Ulterior motive.
george: (Obviously knows that, but pretends he doesn't) What, tonight? Now?
george: My place? NO, no, no. I hate my place. I don't wanna go back to my place.
george: Yeah, I would. It's just, you know, I just ate a whole pot roast.
george: Shouldn't we at least drop off your bag?
george: (Nervous) What are you talking about?
george: I am? What a strange coincidence..
george: (Pleading) You gotta let me go over there.
"george: No, I'm gonna hold it under her nose so she can smell the scent of stale Bosco that I had to live with for three years, and I'm gonna say, ""Remember this shirt, baby?! Well, now, it's payback time!"""
george: (Boiling) What am I going to say?!
george: What did you go out with me for?! Just to dump chocolate on my shirt and then just dump me altogether?! I don't deserve that kind of treatment! What, you don't have the common courtesy to return my calls?! To apologize! You think I'm some sort of a loser, that likes to be abused and ignored?! Who's shirt can be ruined without financial restitution?! Some sort of a masochist who enjoys being humiliated? You think you can avoid me like I have some sort of disease?! You have the disease! You have the disease! You may be beautiful and rich and physically .. just .. unbelievable, but you sicken me! You disgust me! You and everyone like you!
george: Watch me.
george: (Unconvincingly coy) About what?
george: Leslie.
george: George.. (She doesn't seem to recognize him) George Costanza.
george: (Laughs) You, I guess, you don't remember me.. but we actually, kind of um.. went out.. a couple of years ago.. once.. remember?
george: You took me to one of your shows..
george: And, um, it was quite good. In fact, you even incorporated me into the show. I'm not actually a performer. Although, my parents felt I had talent..
george: Actually, I never had any formal training. I guess I'd be better suited for improvs, or something..
george: (Sheepishly to Elaine) I'll be right back. (Leaves)
george: Every woman on the face of the earth has complete control of my life. And yet, I want them all.. is that irony?
george: Cops. I don't even care about cops. I wanna see more garbage men. It's much more important. All I wanna see are garbage trucks, garbage cans and garbage men. You're never gonna stop crime, we should at least be clean.
george: I think this is him right here.
george: I don't know, I have to call her, tell her where we are. I'm very lucky she's even considering seeing me at all.
george: They were, it's kinda complicated.
george: What do you wanna do?
george: I gotta call Tatiana. where's the phone?
george: Excuse me, are you gonna be very long?
george: He knows I'm waiting. He sees me. He just doesn't wanna look.
george: I just can't believe at the way people are. What is it with humanity? What kind of a world do we live in?
george: If anything happens here, can I count on you?
george: If we decide to go at it.
george: I have to get in touch with Tatiana! And look at his little outfit. It's all so coordinated, the way his socks matching to his shirt. I really hate this guy.
george: I don't know her.
george: What are they gonna do?
george: For 50 bucks? I'd put my face in the soup and blow.
george: What were you doing?
george: Alleluia.
george: Excuse me, I was waiting here.
george: I've been standing here for the last ten minutes!
george: That's not the point. The point is I was here first.
george: Does she care? No. Does anyone ever display the slightest sensitivity over the problems of a fellow individual? No. No. A resounding no!
george: Oh that's OK, really, don't worry about it.
george: Yeah, well, he probably bought it.
george: I shouldn't even tell you this.
george: Well, after dinner last week, she invites me back to her apartment.
george: Well, it's this little place with this little bathroom. It's like right there, you know, it's not even down a little hall or off in an alcove. You understand? There's no... buffer zone. So, we start to fool around, and it's the first time, and it's early in the going. And I begin to perceive this impending... intestinal requirement, whose needs are going to surpass by great lengths anything in the sexual realm. So I know I'm gonna have to stop. And as this is happening I'm thinking, even if I can somehow manage to momentarily... extricate myself from the proceedings and relieve this unstoppable force, I know that that bathroom is not gonna provide me with the privacy that I know I'm going to need...
"george: So I finally stop and say, ""Tatiana, I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but I think it would be best if I left""."
george: No. During.
george: Yeah.
george: So I'm dressing and she's staring up at me, struggling to compute this unprecedented turn of events. I don't know what to say to reassure this woman, and worst of all, I don't have the time to say it. The only excuse she might possibly have accepted is if I told her I am in reality Batman, and I'm very sorry, I just saw the Bat-Signal. It took me 3 days of phone calls to get her to agree to see me again. Now she's waiting for me to call her, and she's
george: She's off. (goes over to the now available public phone)
george: She's not there. She left. She must've waited and left because those people wouldn't get off the phone.
george: Yeah, I told her to call me here and to tell anyone who answers the phone to ask for a balding, stocky man with glasses. I better tell him I'm expecting a call.
george: 20 bucks? Isn't that excessive?
george: It's more than the meal!
george: Alright. 7,7, (points at himself) 6. I'm not gonna eat that much!
george: Oh no, I can't do it. I-I'm not good at these things, I get flustered. Once I tried to bribe an usher at the roller derby, I almost got arrested.
george: You didn't make it clear.
george: So?
george: We should have left earlier. I told you.
george: I can't go anywhere, I have to wait here for Tatiana's call. Let me just check.
george: Excuse me, I'm expecting a call. Costanza?
george: Well, was it for Costanza or...
george: Well was it a woman?
george: She called. He yelled Cartwright. I missed her.
george: I'm Cartwright!
george: Of course I'm not Cartwright! Look, why don't you two just go to the movies all by yourselves, I'm not in the mood.
george: Should we tell him we're leaving?
george: Why do I get pesto? Why do I think I'll like it? I keep trying to like it, like I have to like it.
george: Everybody likes pesto. You walk into a restaurant, that's all you hear - pesto, pesto, pesto.
george: Where was pesto 10 years ago?
george: That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work.
george: Who?
george: A guy?
george: It's the pesto of cities. So..?
george: Oooh.
george: Oh, the busboy left the menu a little close to the candle.
george: Did I get him in trouble? Because of what I said?! I just told him what happened.. he didn't do it on purpose.. (Mangager and busboy are arguing. The busboy points in the direction of George) He pointed at me. Why did he point at me?!
george: I can't believe it. He's going! He's fired!
george: I didn't know he'd get fired.
george: What if he's waiting for me outside? He pointed at me! Did you see him point?!
george: Was it my fault?
george: (Eating a sandwich) Oh, like you really know busboys.
george: Hey, at least I was a camp waiter.
george: It was a fat camp. Those kids depended on me.
george: Then why don't you try and get him another job?
george: What? Did you get the busboy's number?
george: How did you get all this?
george: (Putting his jacket on) I'd like to apologize. I want to tell him I.. I.. didn't mean to get him in trouble.
george: Yeah, I want to see if there's anything I can do.. maybe get him another job.. maybe I'll hear of something.
george: It'll take to long.
george: (Unsure) I don't a..
george: Look, I really appreciate your coming, but if you wouldn't mind - try not to say too much.
george: I don't know.
george: Certainly not.
george: Yeah.. yeah, we're - we're cool. (Knocks lightly. Kramer takes charge by knocking on the door louder. The busboy answers) Uh, I'm sorry to bother you, I was in the restaurant earlier and I was wondering if I could talk to you for a few minutes about what happened. (He gestures for them to come in. They obey) I hope I'm not interrupting anything. It's just that I think I may have - without realizing it - been responsible for getting you fired. (Nervously laughs) And.. and.. and I just want you to know that I didn't intend for that to happen.
george: This is a guy I know.. Kramer.
george: (To himself) Oh my God.
george: (Interrupting) Anyway, I just wanted to let you know I'm really sorry that happened, and if I can help out in any way, I'll certainly be glad to do that. (Pause) Well, I guess that's about it.
george: Oy uy uy.. (Antonio points to the sink) We really should get going.
george: Hurry up.
george: (Gestures for Kramer to shut up) Once again, Antonio, I can't even begin to say how deeply, deeply sorry I am about everything. The job, the cat.. (A lamp breaks) the lamp.
george: (Hands Antonio a card) Here's my card. I'm in real estate, so, if you're ever looking for something bigger, something nicer.. (Antonio is staring at him, angered) ..maybe not right now. Anyway.. (Extends his hand for a handshake. Antonio doesn't move)
george: Anywhere in the city - I'll tell you the best public toilet.
george: Sperry Rand Building. 14th floor, Morgan Apparel. Mention my name - she'll give you the key.
george: (Scoffs) ARe you kidding? Lincoln Center. Alice Tully Hall, the Met. Magnificent facilities.
george: The busboy's coming?
george: He's coming up?! (Moves to the door) I'll check you out later.
george: I'm the one he wants! He's coming to settle the score.
george: Oh, the hell with it. Let him kill me. I..
george: (Nervous, his voice cracks) Hey, Antonio. How's it going?
george: (Trying to be modest) Ah, come on..
george: It won't for a while. At least not until after the cast comes off.
george: That's not how it happened. It's when he fell on him with his knee.
george: So, much longer?
george: (Not wanting to make Elaine mad) I guess it's not important.
george: I should probably get going too. If I don't feed Pequita by seven, she goes all over everything.. take it easy.
george: Yeah, I do that too. I feel guilty about getting the pleasure. I feel like I don't deserve it so I talk. It stops me from enjoying it. There's nothing to eat in here.
george: Why don't you ever go shopping?
george: Not even an apple.
george: What about this leftover Chinese food?
george: (he just took a bite of the Chinese food ) This is terrible. What is this, ginger? I hate ginger. I can't understand how anyone can eat ginger. (puts the container back in the refrigerator.)
george: Physical therapy is covered by insurance?
george: You don't have to pay for the massage?
george: Right, your friend Roy.
george: And you don't have to pay.
george: We have a, three-o'clock appointments.
george: Excuse me, did you say 'Raymond'?
george: But, uh, Raymond is a man.
george: I can't get a massage from a man.
george: What, are you crazy? I can't have a man touching me. Switch with me.
george: What's the difference, you're a woman. They're supposed to be touching you.
george: He'd just be touching your back too.
george: I know. That's the point. If it's gonna get sexual, it should get sexual with you.
george: I would? What if something happens?
george: What if it felt good?
george: I don't want it to feel good.
george: Exactly!
george: Yes?
george: Hello.(with not a big smile)
george: Really.
george: Oh boy.
george: What?
george: I-I don't know.
george: Nah.
george: hu, Coffee. Too much coffee (nervous laughter).
george: Oh, the hamstrings fine.
george: I wrote. Pfft, *I* wrote.
george: Are you sure?
george: I don't know.
george: No.
george: Korea.
george: What?
george: Korea.
george: Hamstring.
george: Hotel.
george: A... ah...
george: A man gave me...
george: A man gave me... a massage. hu, hu
george: So he... had his hands and, uh, he was uh
george: He-he was uh touching and rubbing. (nervous laugh)
george: And then I took my pants off.
george: For my hamstring.
george: He got about uh, two inches from... there.
george: I think it moved.
george: It may have moved, I don't know.
george: It moved! It was imperceptible but I-I felt it.
george: No, no. It wasn't a shift, I've shifted, this was a move.
george: That's the sign! The test; if a - if a man makes it move.
george: You think it's contact? It has to be touched?
george: I don't even like to sit next to a man on an airplane 'cause our knees might touch.
george: I don't even like to use urinals, always been a stall man.
george: The guy slept with Marilyn Monroe, he's in Dinky Donuts. What about this doctor's note? Let's go see your friend Roy.
george: What are you talking about, that's seventy-five bucks! I'm not working, I can't afford that.
george: Oh, what are you, like, a Quaker now?
george: All right -- (Gets up to leave)
george: He didn't say he can't.
george: He doesn't feel funny.
george: Do you feel funny? He didn't say anything.
george: He knows that!
george: Oh, can you be any more dramatic?
george: How would I know?
george: What do you mean, like him?
george: I mean he's a good fighter and a nice guy but I don't like him.
george: Why should I?
george: Nothing, why? You think something's wrong? Am I different?
george: These kids called me a Mary.
george: I was jumping over a puddle, and for some reason I went like this. (George stretches out his arms in a ballet motion) And they called me a Mary. So I chased them, and I tripped and I fell.
george: Told me what?
george: He didn't say anything.
george: No Doctor--
george: Hello.
george: How ya doing?
george: Me neither.
george: Me too.
george: Tragic.
george: No?
george: Unsettling?
george: Me neither. I've never been happy.
george: In college, maybe. Those were fun times.
george: Yeah.
george: I've just met her but I'm very impressed.
george: How ya doing?
george: Hello.
george: Men have been popping into my sexual fantasies. All of a sudden I'll be, in the middle.
"george: And a guy will appear from out of nowhere. I say ""Get out of here! What do you want? You don't belong here!"""
"george: They talk back. They go, ""Hey George, how's it going?"" I say, ""Get the hell out of here!"""
george: You see? Now that is a handsome man. (Elaine and Jerry look right at George) Oh please.
george: I don't understand. Paper Machay hats?
george: What if it rains?
george: Oh, art!
george: Any money in it?
george: Of course, right.
george: Tommy C.
george: I don't think we should see each other anymore. You're great but I'm I'm riddled with personal problems.
george: Nothing It's not you. It's me. I have a fear of commitment. I don't know how to love.
george: No, no,
george: I love the chop sticks. I, I personally prefer a fork but they look very nice.
george: I have a fear of intimacy
george: Nothing. It's not YOU..
"george: The truth. you want the truth? It is your earrings It is the chopsticks but it's so much more. You're pretentious. You call everyone by their full name You call my doorman, Sammy, ""Samuel"" but you didn't even say ""Samuel"" You went ""Sam - U- EL"" Papie-eh Mach-eh What is Papie-ay Mach-ay?"
george: I, I think I made my point. I'm sorry if I was a little harsh.
george: Can I uh, can I walk you back to work?
george: Oh, please ... ... four dollars is f...
george: George
george: My whole life has been a complete waste of time, (chuckle)
george: Now I know what I am supposed to do. It's so simple. Tell the truth That's all. Just tell the truth
george: Oh, oh, your papers
george: No. I did.
george: ...I broke up with her.
george: I broke up with her.
george: It's OK. It's fine. She'll do it. I'm sure she'll still do it.
george: Oh, no. We left on good terms.
george: Because I uh, I told her the truth.
george: It's OK.
george: She asked me to.
george: I told her that she was pretentious.
george: Like what? What could they say?
george: Like what? I'm bald? What is it specifically? Is, is there an odor I'm not aware of?
george: Give me one.
george: Yes.
george: I'm cheap? You think I'm CHEAP? How could you say that to me? I can't believe this. How could you say that to me?
george: You should have lied.
george: (ignoring Jerry) I mean I'm not really working right now.
george: When I was working I spent baby.
george: She put them in her pocketbook. I guess she took them with her.
george: Give me the phone. (dials) Yea, Hi I would like to speak to Patrice. ... what? ... oh really? ... oh, ok, thank you, ... (hangs up)
george: She never came back from lunch.
george: (dials) Hi, are you OK? no, no,.. huh, (hangs up) She hung up.
george: All right. There's nothing to be worried about. She's just a little annoyed right now. Tomorrow I'll personally go over there. I'll apologize. I'll get the papers. Don't worry. Don't worry. (exits)
george: No, no she wasn't.
george: No, I didn't.
george: A mental institution.
george: It's not really a mental institution. It's more like a depression clinic. She went out to Woodhaven and checked herself in. I'm, I'm sick over this.
george: Her roommate. I've driven women to lesbianism before but never to a mental institution.
george: She put them in her pocket book. She probably took them out there with her.
george: I don't know.
george: Where?
george: We could.
george: I'm very nervous about this. I've never spoken to a mental patient before.
george: I should be in a place like this. I envy this woman. Ya' get to wear slippers all day. Friends visit. They pity you. Pity is very underrated. I like it it's good. Plus they give you those word association tests. I love those.
george: Potato
george: Blanket
george: Grass
george: Oh, boy. Here she comes.
george: Oh, this is my friend Jerry.
george: Pretentious? Who, who isn't pretentious? Ha, ha, if everyone who was pretentious was in a mental institution, ... uh, obviously THIS isn't a mental institution.
george: No, that's not it at all.
george: Uh, we're cool. Everything's cool (to security attendent)
george: All righty, no reason for us to uh, raise our voices.
george: What I said? I say stupid things all the time I can't go two minutes without saying stupid things.
george: You should be the one criticizing me. I, I'm lucky to even know someone like you.
george: Of course I mean that. I am incapable of guile.
george: I'm going to a poetry reading with PATRICE First time poets, in a burnt out building, down by the docks, Supposed to be good.
george: Hey, I'm getting in on that.
george: You're going that way anyway!
george: Prognosis Negative! (in a funny voice)
george: Let's go, people, let's go! It's Prognosis Negative time, wa ha ha ha!!!
george: Can't go, Why not?
george: I thought Kramer was watching.
george: Well so what's the problem, you just put some newspaper down.
george: You spritz a little Lysol on it.
george: So we're not going?
george: Oh. You still wanna go?
george: If you want.
george: Ponce de Leon? Okay. (to Jerry) You sure you don't wanna go?
george: What about this--
george: It's just we want you to go.
george: So how long did you live there?
george: That's pretty long.
george: It's not that long, really.
george: And then you came here.
george: I like herbal tea.
george: Chamomile's good. Lemon Lift. Almond Pleasure.
george: Jerry drinks Morning Thunder?
george: Morning Thunder has caffeine in it, Jerry doesn't drink caffeine.
george: You don't tell him?
george: That is so funny!
george: Wait, have you ever seen him throw up?!
george: Prognosis Negative! (again in a funny voice)
george: Tonight's the night, right? Prognosis Negative?
george: What does this mean?
george: What is with this dog, I thought we were taking it to the pound.
george: Uh Jerry, how long will you be in there?
george: Uh why don't you wait then go in the movies?
george: And isn't it more fun using the urinal?
george: Hey, go.
george: What, are you doing me a favor?
george: How's it going?
george: Things are good.
george: I know.
george: Jerry gargles? Is that why he takes so long?
george: How come we never hear him?
george: Wait, wait, did you ever see him throw up?!
george: Oh.
george: I have nothing to say to anybody. I'm so uninteresting. I think I'm out of conversation.
george: All I know about is sports. That's it. No matter how depressed I get, I could always read the sports section.
george: Know what? Ponce De Leon is sold out.
george: Nothing except Prognosis Negative.
george: I mean, I could understand if there was something else playing, but it's this or nothing.
george: What is this 'saving movies' thing? Something's playing, you go.
george: So, what? We're gonna do nothing now, this is crazy.
george: Of course it is.
george: Exactly.
george: Right.
george: And she'll still see it, you're not stopping her from seeing it.
george: Good.
george: Ridiculous!
george: Oh, you're dead.
george: Jerry, Jerry
george: I think I saw him. I think it's him.
george: Did you see the homeless guy on the library steps screaming obsenities and doing some calesthetics routine
george: I think that's Mr. Hayman. ...The gym teacher from our High School.
george: He's older, completely covered in filth, no whistle, but I think it's him.
george: (yells) I didn't tattle
george: There was an incident. I'd rather not discuss it.
george: Some other time.
george: Let's see if it's Hayman?
george: I don't understand lunch, I don't know anything about lunch. Listen. Just because I got the guy fired doesn't mean I turned him into a bum - does it?
"george: He purposely mispronounced my name. Instead of saying, ""Costanza"" He'd say, ""Can't stand ja"". ""Can't stand ja"" ... He made me smell my own gym socks once."
george: OK, OK, I never even had him for gym.
george: Little baked beans
george: Well, OK. As I said the guy had it in for me. He actually failed me in gym. ... ME!
george: ... Those spastic shnitzer twins ...
george: Yes, Mr. Hayman
george: Well I guess that's because I wear boxer shorts.
george: I'm not really sure, I...
george: He gave me a wedgie.
george: Because the underwear is pulled up from the back and ... it wedges in..
george: I gotta go back to the library and talk to him. I gotta find out if I&Mac226;m the guy who ruined his life.
george: Jerry, it's me, George, don't worry, I'll return it
george: It's George
george: Well, it's definetly him.
george: Him who? Hayman him.
george: Oh, I found him. He was sitting on the steps of the library. I sat down next to him. He smelled like the locker room after that game against Erasmus
"george: So I said, ""Mr. Hayman, It's me george Costanza, JFK, ... "" He doesn't move. So I said uh, ""Can't stand ya'"", ""Can't stand ya'"" He turns and smiles, the little baked bean teeth. I get up to run away, but something was holding me back. It was Heyman. He had my underwear. There I was on the steps of the 42nd St. library , a grown man, getting a wedgie."
george: It was.
george: How should I know?
george: Me?
george: The locker room!
george: Jerry, it's me, George, don't worry, I'll return it tomorrow, no problem.
george: Yes Mr. Hayman.
george: Well I guess that's because I wear boxer shorts.
george: I'm not really sure, I...
george: (shouting) No No No!
george: Na, he's gone. I wonder what happened to him.
george: One left...what a joke.
george: No, that's not enough BTUs for my living room...That was a complete waste of time.
george: You should see what my father used to go through before he bought a car. He'd go from state to state. He was away for weeks at a time. It was like he was running for President and he was going through the primaries. We'd get phone calls from motels in New Hampshire.
george: Well at least you accomplished something. You got fish.
george: Fish. What do they do?
george: What time is it?
george: Always late. Always late.
george: I told them to meet me in front of my building at six-fifteen.
george: My parents. It's their anniversary. I'm taking them out to dinner and a show tonight. You think we'll hit traffic?
george: I always get myself in this position. Can't be on time. Gotta rush.
george: Did I need that pointed out for me? What is that going to do for me? How does that help me, to see her? I'm trying to live my life. Don't show me that.
"george: Yeah, right. I'll just go up and say, ""Hi, how ya' doing? Would you like a glass of white wine?"" JERRY Before you got within twenty feet of this woman, she'd have her finger on the mace button. She's like an expensive car with one of those motion-sensor force field alarms. Any sudden movement in the area could set her off."
george: You don't know where we parked?
george: Oh, this is great.
george: This is just what I need.
george: There's elevators all over! It all looks the same.
george: (MUMBLING) You come to a parking lot, you write it down. How hard is that?
george: It's this way... AND THEY TAKE OFF AGAIN, PAIRING OFF
george: ...Six wrong?
george: Oh I got it. (TO JERRY) That I'm supposed to remember. Where the car is, that's insignificant.
george: I can tell you this. If I am not in front of my house at six-fifteen, when my parents get there, they will put me on an aggravation installment plan that will compound with interest for decades.
george: Where the hell is this car, Kramer?
george: What?
george: I can't carry a pen. I'm afraid I'll puncture my scrotum.
george: (TO WOMAN) Hey, is that necessary?
george: I think hitting a defenseless child is my business.
george: ...What?
george: You are!
george: I should've hit the little son-of-a-bitch. I can't stand kids. Adults think it's so wonderful how honest kids are. I don't need that kind of honesty. I'll take a deceptive adult over an honest kid any day.
george: Oh are they gonna be furious.
george: Unbelievable, I'm never gonna get out of here. The guy goes to pee, he never comes back. It's like a science fiction story.
george: Oh now you're gonna go? ELAINE I'll be back in five minutes.
george: If you go now, I know what's gonna happen. We'll find the car, Jerry will show up, and then we'll never find you.
george: Oh what's the difference? We'll all be dead eventually.
george: Yeah, it bothers me. Doesn't it bother you?
george: See now that bothers me even more than dying bothers me, cause it's people like you who live to be a hundred and twenty because you're not bothered by it. How could it not bother you?
george: Yeah, yeah. I've heard that. Meanwhile I'm here with you in a parking garage, what am I supposed to do?
george: (NOT INTERESTED) Really.
george: Who's Killer Kowalski?
george: I've gotta go to the bathroom.
george: Don't you believe me? It's their fiftieth anniversary. You know this is gonna kill him. You're aware of that. Kill him. On the biggest night of his life...
george: (TO JERRY, SOMEWHAT IMPRESSED) A Red Chinese prison?
george: (PROUDLY) Me too.
george: Elaine, shut-up.
george: I don't know. (TO ELAINE) Where's Kramer?
george: See, I knew it. I knew this was gonna happen...
george: (CONT'D) Look at the time, that's it.
george: We came in over there!
george: So what do you want me to do?
george: That is an opening.
george: (CONT'D) Excuse me...I really... What's happened is that my friend forgot where he parked and if you're not in a big hurry, we'd really appreciate it if...
george: You will?
george: Thanks a lot. I'm really late. My parents are waiting in front of my building and we're stuck here.
george: Yeah, right.
george: It's a blue Honda...
george: Hi Amy, I'm George.
george: (TALKING IN PASSENGER WINDOW) I didn't mean anything by it. I don't even know L. Ron Hubbard! I didn't know you were...
george: (CONT'D) ...with that group.
george: The car!
george: Kramer, Kramer's not here...I knew it. I knew it! I knew this would happen. (SCREAMING) Kramer! Kramer!
george: Purple 23.
george: Sometimes it's good to have a pencil to write these things down.
george: Seven forty-five.
george: Right.
george: Eight o'clock.
george: She thinks I'm a nice guy. Women always think I'm nice, but women don'tnice.
george: Why is nice bad? What kind a of sick society we are living in, when nice is bad?
george: What, a 'little' cologne.
george: Monica wants me to wear it.
george: I'm too nice.
george: She wants me to take an IQ test.
george: No, she's taking this course in education for her masters. It's part of her research project, so I have to be a guinea pig.
george: You know, I can't talk to you anymore.
george: Yeah, and she's going to find I'm a moron. You know, people think I'm smart, but I'm not smart.
george: I'm not going to break a hundred on this thing.
george: You don't listen when people talk to you anymore!
george: I'm sure I have a low IQ. I've been lying about my SAT scores for 15 years.
george: What did I get or what do I say I got?
george: I say fourteen o nine (1409).
george: Psst, You're telling me.
george: You are my friend.
george: I tell you everything, right?
george: Well, this I take to the grave.
george: Hey.
george: I'm wearing some cologne, all right?
george: What's that?
george: Why is what I do is so important? Why must I be always the focal point of attention? Let me just be, let me live.
george: I didn't take it, yet.
george: What's casus belli.
george: Is it about me?
george: Yeah, fun. IQ tests are totally bogus. They prove nothing.
george: It varies.
george: 145!
george: Shst, You should take the test for me.
george: Haha (laughs)
george: Yeah, yeah I really had some guts back then. Why don't we do it again?
george: You could take the IQ test for me. I could pass it to you out a window. We could do it, she lives in the first floor.
george: Why not?
george: I don't know, she lives right around the corner. You could take it here or go to the coffee shop.
george: You'll do it?
george: Yeaah, beautiful... (They try to hit a high five, but George hits Elaine in the forehead.) Sorry...
george: You go in the living room. I'll take the test in here.
george: I won't be able to, concentrate in front of you.
george: Are you kidding me? [Elaine walks past the window glancing in] This is the best tool we have today of measuring a persons' intelligence.
george: Well, I think you're wrong about that. [Elaine walks past the window again, glancing in] And ah now if you'll excuse me, I'd really like to get started, please.
george: Don't need it. N'huhuhu (laughs)
george: I'm sorry I'm sorry, here's the test. Thanks again for doing this - hhe.
george: Ah, ah, twenty to three.
george: Thanks again.
george: A-and don't settle for 145, you can do better, you're a genius. Heheheh (laughs)
george: Yeah?
george: Oh, it's locked?
george: Monica, I'm really focused here, this stuff's a killer. (turns to the next page)
george: Wish I could. (raises the magazine up in front of his face and continues reading.)
george: What did you go on a picnic?
george: Babu Bhatt? How I'm going to explain this?
george: U-ok. (George closes the window and shoos Elaine off. He opens the door to Monica.) Here you go.
george: Piece of cake; hu.
george: What? Oh I spilled some food on it.
george: What are you talking about?
george: From my pocket.
george: I eh, I had a sandwich in my pocket.
george: Yeah, had some coffee, yeah.
george: Where did I get the coffee? Where do think I got the coffee, at the grocery store. (small laugh)
george: I walked.
george: I climbed out the window.
george: Of course.
george: The door? Why would I go out the door? The window's right here.
george: Coming up.
george: 85!
george: 85, Jerry! 85 IQ !
george: Oh, hello Professor.
george: Please...
george: You should've seen her face. It was the exact same look my father gave me when I told him I wanted to be a ventriloquist.
george: Ooh ho hoo, forget it.
george: You could do worse!
george: All right, I'll ask her.
george: How' you doing?
george: Hunh, You know, it's the damnedest thing. I went out the window again to, to get a cup of coffee...
george: Come on, lets not stand here too long, we might run in to her.
george: That's a good score.
george: Italian.
george: Hey! what are listening to?
george: Oh! you taped it?
george: Hey! Did 'ya ever do that thing on the toes that I said .
george: Yeah! like the big toe is like the captain of the toes, but sometimes the toe next to the big toe gets so big that there's like a power struggle and the second toe assumes control of the foot.
george: Yeah. Did you do it?
george: So?
george: Need to use the phone.
george: China.
george: Yeah. I'll pay for it.
george: What for? . I'll tell you what for.... for hair.
george: The Chinese have done it my friend. The Chinese have done it.
george: Discovered a cure for baldness.
george: It was on CNN ( Kramer comes in and he is taping from a Camcorder) This Chinese doctor Zeng Zau. has discovered a cure for baldness.
george: Is that the guy who likes fat women?
george: I did, I'm trying to call China.
george: What?
george: (George puts on the headphones) Oh! my god...
george: Wa..Wait.Wait!......Who is this woman?
george: This is like a Penthouse letter...Why can't I meet women like this?
george: WAIT ,WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!!!!.... Where was the tape recorder?
george: My god!!!
george: All right, All right, all, right!!( gives the headphones to Kramer) How you gonna find out who this is?
george: What do the Chinese have to gain by faking a cure for baldness?
george: This woman left this really sexy message on Jerry's tape recorder......
george: What??
george: I thought you meant the..
george: Oh!, he he, It was unbelievable
george: Yeah. I can't get over it.
george: This woman drove us out of our minds
george: She had this throaty , sexy kind of whisper.
george: Oh! my God!!......You?.....You?...That was you?....
george: how did ya?...
george: Oh! no no nothing....
george: I had no Idea you were filled with such....sexuality..
george: Ah! Some bald thing, a bald thing I dunno. It's nothing
george: Peter?
george: Wh.. Where you going?
george: Why you going home for?
george: Oh! my god. Oh! man...
george: (phone rings ,picks up) Operator? Beijing?
george: Why do I do anything? tsss...For women.
george: Oh. This I need. Hello!! Hello. i..i..is this the hair restoration clinic? ...Does anyone speak English?
george: Do you speak English?...English!!
george: English. Does anybody speak English .Nobody speaks English.
george: In this scene my co-star who's right over here ( goes over to George who is still on the phone) Follow meeeee... is George Costanza, he plays an airline pilot who's just returned from Rome and I'm about to show him how much I've missed him.
george: (visibly disturbed) I...I..I dunno.
george: All right, Kramer that's it.....( pushes the camera) Hello . English. Does anyone speak English
george: Huh. Excuse me (to Ping) Hum... Do you speak chinese?
george: Look...humm..I'm on with Beijing with the hair restauration clinic. Could you talk to them for me and tell them I'd like to place an order.
george: They got a billion people over there and he found a relative.
george: They send me? Aw right ..ask 'em Does it really work?
george: Ask' em Are there any side effects?
george: Aw! Funny he's a funny guy.
george: Yoohoo ,Plenty......Wh..wh..what are doing hum...you're going in?
george: yeah....euh...I dunno What?
george: ( becoming more and more awkward) Yeah.....
george: No, no....(mumbles)
george: Really...(he honks the car and is startled, Elaine laughs)......I have to say...You were really good doing that porno thing....you're talented.
george: I thought the thing you said about the sex not being simulated . That was really funny.
george: So all right I'll speak to you through Jerry and everything.
george: Guess, what I got.
george: From China. All the way from China.
george: No Don't get the camera , we don't need the camera. Listen I know your skeptical , but I really believe in the Chinese.
george: Why do you have to be so suspicious of every one. This is a great man Zeng Zau, he wants to help bald people.
george: All right, all right ( Goes to the bathroom)
george: All day. ( phone rings , Jerry picks up)
george: Is that Elaine?
george: HI ELAINE...
george: Did she say Hello?
george: I mean , when I said Hello did she say Hello back?
george: Isn't polite to say Hello when somebody says hello?
george: Elaine's coming up?
george: Yeah, that was enough.
george: No No I'm working on a system...Who was that?
george: It's George.
george: I have to talk to you about something .
george: Aahh..No..No..
george: I can't tell ya now , he's gonna be back in a ten seconds.
george: I can't.
george: All right.........I've become attracted to Elaine..
george: Kramer, can we do this later..
george: Really? ..You think.
george: So now you're doing my bits?
george: NO!!
george: I can't say.
george: Because I promised her.
george: She doesn't.
george: Because she asked me to.
george: All right You really want to know?...It all started when she told met hat...she was the voice on your tape recorder.
george: Yeah! She made me promise not to tell you .It's supposed to be a joke.
george: Well let me hear....( they struggle for the headphones)
george: You heard it fifty times already.
george: (Yelling from the bathroom) Don't tell her anything, she'll kill me!!
george: He..He threatened me.
george: Elaine.. I have to tell you something...
george: No no no no no no no..
george: I'm very attracted to you..
george: Ever since I found out that you let that message on Jerry's tape recorder I...
george: Heuh. huh. Stick around a while.
george: Where'd you meet her?
george: On an elevator? You met a woman on an elevator?
george: You got less than sixty seconds. That's like dismantling a time bomb. What got into you?
george: Wow. What'd you say?
george: Wow.
george: What did she say?
george: Not everybody knows what the crop circles are. (to the newsstand owner) Do you know what the crop circles are?
george: What?
george: Oh, man, it's spinach! I've been walking around like this all afternoon.
george: I had a job interview.
george: Take a guess.
george: Ok, thanks.
george: Yeah, right.
george: Oh, nothing.
george: You won't think I'm a bad person?
george: 'Cause believe me, I would only say this to you and maybe a psychiatrist, maybe. Well, her nose is a little big.
george: I mean, big would even be ok, a little beyond big.
george: Now, I'm aware that my own physical dimensions are perhaps a little short of perfection.
george: So who am I to be thinking about someone's nose? I mean, I should be grateful someone like her even looks at me. I have no job, nothing. But I have to say, I think about the nose. I don't want to think about the nose. I don't ask to think about the nose, but I think about it. I go to bed at night, I tell myself, 'Don't think about the nose, forget the nose,' but I think about it. I look at her, I see nose.
george: I could never do that. You know the ironic thing is if she had a smaller nose, I never could have gone out with her in the first place. She'd be out of my league with a smaller nose. And I really like her, I know that. And I know one other thing. I'm not getting past that nose.
george: (waving) How can I not think about it? Look at the size of this thing.
george: Why don't you just commit yourself already?
george: What, you didn't wash all day?
george: Thinking? Nothing. What could I possibly be thinking?
george: Oh, yeah, right. I wish I had something on my mind. (pregnant pause) So how about that Kramer, huh?
george: They way he just says stuff.
george: Yeah. Yeah, he's quite a character.
george: About the pizza?
george: Oh, the nose job. I don't know, what did you think?
george: Yeah. (another pause) Not that I care, one way or the other, but these doctors today really do amazing things, you know, if you were so inclined. And again, I'm not suggesting.
george: Peter Jennings had one.
george: Probably. They all do. In my high school, half my graduating class had them. Of course, I'm from Long Island, so...
george: It's really nothing, it's like going to the dentist.
george: It's a cleaning.
george: If it makes you happy, I don't focus on these things. I will tell you this Unfortunately, we live in a very superficial society. I don't condone it, but it's a fact of life.
george: What the hell.
george: Me? I didn't say anything.
george: I didn't encourage. No encourage.
george: It's possible.
george: Me too, really. Unless you'd really like to get one.
george: I'm going straight to hell, no two ways about it.
george: (checking his watch) Hey, let's get the check, she's taking the bandages off at four o'clock.
george: It's exciting, isn't it? She's gonna have a whole new face.
george: Of course, not as exciting as miss crop circles, but...
george: You're not letting him win. He wins till you're forty.
george: He still wins but it's not a blowout.
george: Good for you.
george: It's like going to the bathroom in front of a lot of people and not caring.
george: Okay, look, Audrey, before you take the bandage off just remember that I was the one that encouraged you to do this, you know? Now that you're gonna be a great beauty, let's not forget how this all began. You know, like if you'd listened to your friend, Elaine,
george: Yeah?
george: Very exciting, very exciting, it's like watching a birth.
george: Too much salt in my diet.
george: Nah, I'm good.
george: Mmm, no. Boy, it really didn't come out too well, did it?
george: It's like, all dented.
george: Well, I'm sure they'll be able to fix it. You can't stop modern science. Can't stop it, you can't stop it. Can't stop science. Can't be stopped, no way, no how, science just marches--
george: Shut up?
george: Interesting.
george: Yeah.
george: Oh, I got it.
george: Yeah, phew.
george: What?
george: We did?
george: Hawaii?
george: (removing his glasses) You know, Hawaii could be a little tricky right now, there's a lot of high pressure winds down there this time of year, there's a lot of debris constantly flying around. Wood, and uh, lava, pretty dangerous.
george: Oh yeah. My friend lived there.
george: You know, I have to tell you something. You couldn't get me on a plane right now. I get those FAA reports directly. My uncle sends them to me, he used to be a pilot, so. Big investigation in the, uh, what's the word there, uh, offing. It's in the offing. But, you know, you shouldn't let that stop you from going. You could go. I don't mind.
george: (smitten) Audrey? My god, you look incredible! I can't believe it!
george: (interrupting) Elaine. Shut up.
george: Because my cousin's imbecile dog was rolling around outside and they got in his carpet.
george: That's not funny. So, are you coming to the party?
george: You know Ava's gonna be there.
george: The nice one that works in my office.
george: I'll drive.
george: It's supposed to be a good party.
george: No, there'll be girls there.
george: There's a hundred different things here. What's the difference between these two? (They each grab a box and check the ingredients) You got propylparabin?
george: You got isobutane-30?
george: A-ha.
george: Got it.
george: You got aloe? I love aloe.
george: Jersey.
george: I gave her a twenty, she only gave me change for a ten.
george: (to the cashier) Excuse me, I gave you a twenty dollar bill and you only actually gave me change for a ten.
george: I'm positive I gave you a twenty.
george: You owe me ten dollars.
george: Alright, let's just examine the situation for a second. Who, in this situation, would be more likely to make a mistake? Me, who had access to my wallet, knew exactly what was in there? Or you--
george: No, no, no, see you're not really listening.
george: No problem. There's no problem. She just owes me ten dollars, that's all.
george: Oh, so you don't believe me either?
george: You haven't won. You may think you've won, but you haven't won. Do you know why? It's not over. This is not over. I'm not forgetting what's happening here. You have my ten dollars. I will get it back. Alright, don't worry. It's not over. I'm going now. Good bye. I will be back.
george: (waving Eva.
george: Oh no you didn't. Get out, when?
george: I don't believe it.
george: Mark, is this true?
george: How's it going?
george: I can't believe what's happening here. She hasn't taken her hands off me all night. She was always friendly around the office, but that was it.
george: I don't know, maybe a safe fell on her head.
"george: No, I would have picked up on it. I can always tell when a woman likes me, they always somehow let you know. With me, they could torture me, I wouldn't tell them. If anything I'd try to make them think I don't like them, then they think, ""Oh, look at this guy, he's not even looking at me, he must have something going for him."""
george: Now?
george: Gimme a half-hour.
george: Listen, I have a tremendous favor to ask.
george: I think something's happening here.
george: I think she wants me to take her home.
george: What should I do?
george: What about you and Elaine?
george: Are you sure?
george: She told me she wants-- (Pauses until a woman coming down the stairs passes) She told me she wants me to make love to her.
george: Yeah.
george: I swear.
george: I, I, I can't.
george: Please, it's--
george: I... I... I long for you.
george: I was so shocked I was lucky I said anything.
george: I don't like when a woman says, 'Make love to me', it's intimidating. The last time a woman said that to me, I wound up apologizing to her.
george: That's a lot of pressure. Make love to me. What am I, in the circus? What if I can't deliver?
george: I can't perform under pressure. That's why I never play anything for money, I choke. I could choke tonight. And she works in my office, can you imagine? She goes around telling everyone what happened? Maybe I should cancel, I have a very bad feeling about this.
george: I know, I know, I can't stop it!
george: Yeah, good night.
george: Could we talk about this some other time?
george: Hey, I've eaten frogs, so nobody's perfect. Anyway-
george: Goldfish.
george: That's why we're here in America.
george: Yeah, me either.
george: What come on? Have you ever dated a woman that worked in your office?
george: You know the anxiety you feel on a date? That's what I have every day now. My worst nightmare's come true, every day is a date.
george: Ava was one of the reasons I used to like going to work, she was a friend. Now we sleep together and suddenly, I don't know how to talk to her. Every time I go to the bathroom I pass her desk. I have to plan little patter. I spend half my day writing. Then afterwards, I sit in my office and analyze how it went. If it was a good conversation, I don't go to the bathroom for the rest of the day. I see her laughing and talking with other people, they're all so loose and relaxed, I think, 'that used to be me. I want to go back there again.'
george: I have no choice, I'm quitting.
george: How much is that?
george: Nine sixty? Give it to me.
george: Don't worry, I got it.
george: I got it.
george: I'm not stealing it. They owe me ten dollars. They stole from me.
george: I have to do this, it's a matter of honor.
george: Just walk.
george: What?
george: Oh, I was gonna pay for this.
george: (nervous) Where are you taking me? I was gonna pay for it.
george: (more nervous) What are you talking about?
george: (panicky) What are you gonna do? Are you gonna call the police?
george: You had Sgt. Chadway? Me too.
george: Oh, great guy.
george: The one with the long sideburns?
george: Where does he come off?
george: One of the guys in my cell threw a piece of gum at him.
george: Was the alarm on?
george: I don't understand, how do these thieves start the car?
george: Cross the wires? I can't even make a pot of spaghetti.
george: Maybe you should call your car phone.
george: Wait a minute, call the car phone, see what happens.
george: Yeah, go ahead, call.
george: Who's Sid?
george: What do you mean?
george: What, do you pay him for that?
george: How many people does he do that for?
george: Could anybody do that?
george: You are?
george: How'd you get that?
george: Right out of the clear blue sky?
george: Well, why didn't they ask me?
george: Sid, who's gonna move the cars while you're away?
george: Maybe I could move them until you get back.
george: I'm in a transition phase right now.
george: I need like a bucket of water! I got a car overheating, I got an alarm that won't go off, I'm pressing 'one', I'm pressing 'two', nothing! What do I do?! Help me! Help me!
george: You got a line in the Woody Allen movie?
george: You're in the movie? Is he in the scene?
george: Is that how you're gonna say it?
"george: ""These pretzels are making me thirsty!!"""
george: That was no good?
george: What was wrong with that? I had a different interpretation! Do you know anything about this pretzel guy?! Maybe he's been in the bar a really long time and he's really depressed because he has no job and no woman and he's parking cars for a living! (out the window to honking cars) Alright! Alright! Shut up! Shut up! I hear you! I'm coming down! These pretzels are making me thirsty!
george: Oh man.
george: Sorry, you don't know what's going on out there! (looks at Owen) Who's he?
george: What happened?
george: I was moving it across the street, I looked up and I saw Woody Allen and I got all distracted.
george: Woody mentioned me? What did he say?
george: Should I apologize to Woody?
george: Well I know how to drive.
george: I put my pants on, Sid.
george: Well I don't want to get into a big dispute about the pants.
george: Maybe I could call my father.
george: Do I smell?
george: He's alright?
george: No no no, I got it.
george: No come on, let me, let me. I smashed your car, it cost you over two thousand dollars,
george: Get out of here, why?
george: Like you do.
george: What do you think? The brought it over in pieces and screwed it together like a coffee table?
george: Why did France give that to us anyway?
george: So countries just exchange gifts like that?
george: There's Elaine.
george: Really? They work here in the office?
george: Who am I going to tell? My mother? Like I've got nothing better to talk about.
george: Really?
"george: ""Off the wagon""?"
"george: I think it's ""on the wagon""."
george: Well today's your lucky day.
george: It will be my first one.
george: Huh?
george: How can you just get it?
george: Well, you know, book reports. That kind of stuff.
george: I like Mike Lubika.
george: He's a sports writer for the daily news. I find him very insightful...
george: Lot of good ones. I don't even want to mention anyone because I'm afraid I'm going to leave somebody out.
george: Who do I like? I, like, uh, Art, Vandelay.
george: He's an obscure writer. Betnik, on the village.
george: Venetian Blinds.
george: I think he was impressed.
george: Told you.
george: Do I really have to buy her something?
george: What is that? Is that cashmere?
george: Who doesn't like cashmere? Find me one person in the world that doesn't like cashmere. It's too expensive.
george: Wow. Excuse me, Miss?
george: How come this sweater is only 85 dollars?
george: What? I don't see anything.
george: Oh yeah.
george: (grabbing the sweater back) Well it's not really damaged. 85 dollars huh?
george: You think she would care about the red dot?
george: I don't even think she'd notice it. Can you see it?
george: Yeah, but you know where it is.
george: Pretend you didn't know it was there. Can you see it?
george: Well just take an overview. Can't you just take an overview?
george: Please.
george: (over the speaker) It's George.
george: Hello everybody.
george: (uncomfortablly) Thank you.
george: It's an early Christmas present.
george: For you.
george: Of course it's cashmere.
george: Well who doesn't.
george: Ahh, money.
george: Well good, good. Take it off you're going to wear it out already. It's for special occasions this thing.
george: Just take it off. I'm getting hot just looking at it.
george: What red dot? What are you talking about? Jerry come here for a second. Do you see anything here?
george: I can't believe I get paid for this.
george: How you doing?
george: Hennigans. I was there sitting in the office and the cleaning woman comes in. I've always been attracted to cleaning women. Cleaning women, chambermaids.
george: Why is that?
george: So she starts vaccuming, back and forth, back and forth, her hips swivelling, her breasts, uh... (trying to think of a word)
george: Convulsing?
george: Then I asked her if she wanted a drink.
george: I know but I couldn't think of anything else to say to her.
george: So we started drinking, and I'll tell you I don't know if it was the alcohol or the ammonia, but the next think I knew she was mopping the floor with me.
george: Well the sex was okay, but I threw up from the Hennigans.
george: (over the speaker) It's George.
george: I have to talk to Elaine. This cleaing lady is turning the screws on me. She's pushing for this whole relationship thing. She keeps calling me, threatening to go to the boss with this thing, I could lose my job, I gotta do something to keep her quiet.
george: Did you tell her anything?
george: Do you swear?
george: Oh you told her didn't you.
george: What? Did I what?
george: Elaine, I'm, I'm shocked. I'm shocked. Here I go out in the spirit of the season (Elaine looking like she's not buying a word of it) and spend all my savings to buy you the most beautiful Christmas sweater I have ever seen to show my appreciation to you at Christmas and this is the thanks that I get at Christmas.
george: You told her? How could you tell her? I told you not to say anything.
george: Elaine you don't understand. I had 103 temperature when I bought that sweater. I was so dizzy I was seeing red dots everywhere. I thought everything in the store had a red dot on it. I couldn't distinguish one red dot from another. I couldn't afford anything. I have nothing. I haven't worked for a really long time. (Jerry is standing right behind George. Jerry takes out a hankerchief and starts fake-crying in it.) I mean look, I have no clothes, look at what I'm wearing. It's just a little red dot.
george: This is for you.
george: As you care for me. Which is why it is very important that you never breathe a word of this to anyone about the... you know. What, with Clarence Thomas and everything.
george: Yes of course go ahead. My guess is you're going to like this very much.
george: Of course it's cashemere.
george: Just a little something for Christmas.
george: I had a feeling you would like it. No, don't try it on now, try it on later.
george: Take it off. You're going to ruin it.
george: Who said that?
george: Was that wrong? Should I have not done that? I tell you I gotta plead ignorance on this thing because if anyone had said anything to me at all when I first started here that that sort of thing was frouned upon, you know, cause I've worked in a lot of offices and I tell you peope do that all the time.
george: Well you didn't have to say it like that.
george: What about the whole Christmas spirit thing? Any flexability there?
george: You never had sex in the office before?
george: Alright so you made out with someone.
george: Kissing is sex.
george: Jerry.
george: No.
george: Over here.
george: Hide, hide under the desk.
george: Of course it's cashmere.
george: 945
george: Why not?
george: What, you are comparing me to Biff Loman, very encouraging. The biggest loser in history of American literature.
george: Lesbian wedding. How do they work bride and groom out, what do they flip a coin?
george: What, was that not politically correct? It's a legitimate question.
"george: I get the feeling when lesbians are looking at me, they're thinking ""That's why I'm not heterosexual""."
george: Yeah.
george: How many tickets are you paying today?
george: No doors?
george: I can't carry any changes in these pants, it falls out.
george: That guy is not blind.
george: I can't believe they actually found your stolen car.
george: That's amazing.
george: What are you? Satan? I'm close to a job here. It's my second interview with them.
george: Me, why?
george: Oh, no no no. I was just looking for stock-pages. Here it is. Looking for the quotes. Gotta check to quotes. Love a good quote. Oh, IBM up a quarter.
george: Me? No, no, I don't, I don't. Doing very well, very well, yep.
george: Yeah I'm, eh, in 'the market'.
george: Which market, the, eh, big one, the big market, the big board. Bull market, bear market, you name the market, I'm there.
george: They wish. I hate the big broker-houses. Hate them with a passion. Big broker-houses killed my father.
george: Well, they hurt him bad. Really hurt his feelings. It's a long story. I- I don't like to talk about it, but I swore then that I would never work for big broker-houses. See, all they care about is money. I'm about more than money, I'm about people, always gone my own way and I've never looked back.
george: Oh, you do?
george: No, no, what, what?
george: Yeah, well....
george: Hey, what's another million, give or take. I get off where and when I wanna get off.
george: I'm stuck. Pull a little, just a second. Don't start the train! Don't start the train!!
george: Are you often on business trip? Nice...oh, hey nice ice-bucket.
george: Gotta tell you I'm pretty comfortable.
george: Eh, gee, I hope you have the key for these things.
george: You know, my mother used to walk around on our apartment just in her bra and panties. She didn't look anything like you, she was really disgusting, really bad body. If you could imagine uglier and fatter version of Shirley Booth. Remember Shirley Booth from Hazel. Really embarrassing, cause you know I had only mother in the whole neighborhood who was worse looking than Hazel. Imagine the taunts I would hear.
"george: Like a ""Hey your mother is uglier than Hazel. Hazel really puts your mother to shame"""
george: What's going on?
george: Get going? But we haven't really, you know....
george: What are you doing? You're robbing me?
george: Wait, wait a second, what are you doing?
george: No, that's my only suit. It cost me 350 dollars. I got it at Moe Ginsburg.
george: No wait, you can't just leave me here! Will I see you again?
george: How would you like a 'Hare Krishna' fist on your throat, you little punk?
george: You have my spare-key in your apartment, right?
george: Give me your key, I gotta get it.
george: Never mind what happened, just give me the key.
george: ...pianist. A *classical* pianist. She *plays* the piano. She's a *brilliant* woman. I-I-I sat in her living room... She played the *Waldstein Sonata*! The *Waldstein*!
george: We did a crossword puzzle together, *in bed*. It was the most fun I ever had in my entire life. Did you hear me? in my *life*! Y'know?
george: I was telling you about Noel.
george: [sarcastically] Heh heh heh... So side-splittingly funny...
george: What, you think I'm going to repeat the whole thing now?
george: No everything is *not* going good. I'm very uncomfortable. I have no power. I mean, why should she have the upper hand. *Once* in my life I would like the upper hand. I have no hand-- no hand at all. She has the hand; I have *no* hand...
george: How do I get the hand?
george: She's playing a recital this week at the McBierney School. You wanna hear her play? I got two extra tickets, you and Elaine could go...
george: Then afterwards maybe we could all go out together. Y'know she'll see me with my friends, she'll observe me as I really am, as myself. Maybe I can get some hand that way.
george: With all due respect, I don't think so...
george: What, did you go swimmin'? It's 29 degrees out!
"george: What the Hell is a ""Polar Bear""?"
george: Hey, what goes on there, exactly?
george: No, I-I-I know... [retreats back to his Chinese take out] I know...
george: *No*...
george: All right, I think they have fleas there. So what...
george: I told her we'd all go out afterwards, okay? And don't applaud when she stops playing the first time. It's not over yet.
george: What did you put the Pez dispenser on her leg for in the first place?
george: What kind of a sick impulse does that??
george: What are we gonna tell her?
george: No, don't say a word. If she thinks my friends are jerks, then I'm a *jerk*...
george: Hey, hey! We're discussing something!
george: What are you? A *baby*!? All right. Tell her.
george: Uh, can we cut to the chase?
george: Yeah...
george: A lot of people say it.
george: [Accusingly] What's *that*?
george: [Realizing full well it isn't] ...Yes it is.
george: Y'know people, we got a situation over here!
george: All right, OK, I'm goin' in.
george: Hi, hi, hi, You were wonderful.
george: Oh, these are my friends, Elaine and Jerry, ... Noel
george: Me, uh, uh, no, ...
george: If she want's to continue to have a fibre of her being she'll be very careful (hitting each other)
george: All right, so are you ready, so we'll go out and get something to eat.
george: We'll have a good time
george: Ah, come on
george: Um, all right, um, uh, I'll call 'ya. I'll call you and we'll talk on the phone. A telephone communiqu. Every thing is fine ok, uh, fine, .. [exits]
george: It's George
george: Well it's over. It's definitely over.
george: No, but I can tell she's going to. I can sense it. We had this terrible phone conversation. I was so nervous before I called I made up this whole list of things to talk about.
george: Let's see, How I'm very good at going in reverse in my car, why isn't Postum a more popular drink,
"george: Anyway there was all this tension. I asked her if she wanted to go out to dinner and she said ""no, maybe we could get together for lunch."" You know what that means."
george: Lunch is fine at the beginning then you move on to dinner. you don't move back to lunch. It's like being demoted. I'll never do another crossword puzzle with her again. I know it.
george: I have no power Do you understand? I need hand. I have no hand.
george: What?
george: A preemptive breakup. This is an incredible idea. I got nothing to lose. We either break up which she would do anyway but at least I go out with some Dignity. Completely turn the tables. It's absolutely brilliant.
george: So, I am have to going to break up with you.
george: I, ... am breaking up with, ... you.
george: Shocked?
george: Never expected this did you?
george: Well, live and learn.
george: Kind of.
george: Well, I didn't mean to hurt you kid.
george: Now, stop it ...
george: When you're playing the piano do you think about me?
george: This is what I'm talking about.
george: All the time.
george: I can't hear you.
george: See, It's not so hard.
george: It's George
george: We just came from Chadway's(?) What's going on.
george: Oh, right, right, the intervention. Should we leave?
"george: Jerry, let me tell you something, ""A man without hand is not a man."" I got so much hand I'm coming out of my gloves. I got to thank Kramer."
george: (to Kramer) This man is a genius. Genius!
george: I don't think so I know so, Kramer, come here I got to talk to you
george: No, I, uh, um, wa, wa, What did I do? ... Where are you going?
george: You can't break up with me. I've got hand.
george: I can't do these puzzles.
george: Ah ah Pez dispenser.
george: Well they're hard to load.
george: Poor kid.
george: What did you do?
george: Wow
george: What's a three letter word for candy?
george: Its George.
george: Yeah, right.
george: Give me two bucks. Ill do it for two bucks.
george: Theres no way I touch that bag for less than two dollars.
george: Youre not getting no Drakes Coffee Cake for fifty cents. Yae, Hey, Im all set. I got the ticket. Im going to the Cayman Islands this Friday.
george: Its an incredible deal. I dont know why you dont come with me.
george: No, no the full size.
"george: You didnt say ""junior""."
george: He didnt seem too pleased.
george: hey, you know what? I just remembered something. I had a dream about that guy last night. This is amazing.
george: I havent seen him for months.
george: I was doing standup comedy in Kennebunkport Maine. ??? night club. The stage was on a cliff and the audience was throwing all the comics off.
george: Ive had a lot of other paranormal stuff happen to me.
george: Really?
george: Id love to go. Make an appointment.
george: I just got fired.
george: Its Martine. I think hes dying. He tried to kill himself with pills.
george: I knew it. I always felt different.
george: Drakes?
george: Did you buy this for me?
george: Ha, because I love Drakes Coffee Cake.
george: She hasnt eaten in two days.
george: Pauline? . . . Wait a minute. I got it. My brother once impregnated a woman named Pauline.
george: When I hear her name mentioned.
george: There was a woman, Audrey. She had a very big nose.
george: Yes, yes, she had a nose job. I loved her very deeply. Will she ever speak to me again?
george: Elaine.
george: Ah oh? What? What Ah oh?
george: You can see the Cayman Islands in there? Is something going to happen to me? What?
george: Elaine, shes a psychic. She knows how the kids going to be.
george: Should I not go on this trip?
george: Elaine, what are you doing?
george: A plane crash? A Heart attack? Lupus? Is it Lupus?
george: If you dont say anything I will assume its a plane crash.
george: Not a plane crash. (leaving) Is it a plane crash?
george: People smoke, Elaine. My mother smoked. It didnt hurt me.
george: Could there be a native p0roblem in the Caymans? Maybe theres native unrest.
george: How come?
george: Would you buy my Cayman Island ticket?
george: No.
george: The psychic said something terrible will happen.
george: sweetheart, no come here,  sweetheart
george: how did I know you were here? Something drew me here. This is phenomenal.
george: Oh, thats great. Thats great. By the way I have to apologize for my friend the other day. Friend? Uh, uh I dont even know that woman. I met her on the bus on the way over. I couldnt get rid of her. Uh, My psychic instincts were a little off ..
george: I dont know where the nurse is. Sweetheart why dont you get a nurse for mommy?  Anyway I was just curious. Remember the other day you were saying something about my trip.
george: Yeah, why? Why?
george: Because? Because?
george: Are there terrorists on the plane? A hotel fire. Is that it? Malaria? Yellow fever? Lupus? Is it Lupus?
george: I never assisted in a birth before. Its really quite disgusting.
george: You wouldnt believe it. Rasputin.
george: Hey.
george: when did you get back?
george: So how was it?
george: Yeah, you gotta watch for the jellyfish.
george: Elle McPherson going to be there?
george: Why even try anymore? There's no sense to it. I'm never gonna meet anybody, I should just accept it.
george: No, I won't.
george: I mean it's hard enough to meet a woman you dislike, much less like.
"george: No. Why must it be so difficult? Why is there all this tension and hostility? Why can't I just walk up to a woman on the street and say, ""Hi. I'm"
george: I mean it's gotten to the point where I'm flirting with operators on the phone. I almost made a date with one.
george: I don't want hope. Hope is killing me. My dream is to become hopeless. When you're hopeless, you don't care, and when you don't care, that indifference makes you attractive.
george: It's my only hope.
george: Out of the question. Out of the question!
george: No! I'm not gonna do that! That's one step away from personal ads! And prostitutes! No! No, I am not going down that road! What does she look like?
george: How good looking?
george: Really good looking?
george: Would you take her out?
george: Oh, you hesitated.
george: No, something's off here, you hesitated.
george: What about the body, what kind of body?
george: How nice?
george: Just nice?
george: Really good?
george: What about personality?
george: Smarter than me? I don't want anyone smarter than me.
george: Alright, let's see, let's see. What else. What else. Oh yeah, what does she do?
george: What kind of hair?
george: Flowing?
george: Is it flowing? I like flowing, cascading hair. Thick lustrous hair is very important to me.
george: Yeah, that's right.
george: Let me ask you this. If you stick your hand in the hair is it easy to get it out?
george: I'd like to be able to get it out.
george: What about the skin? I need a good cheek, I like a good cheek.
george: Is there a pinkish hue?
george: Yes, a rosy glow.
george: Who cares about eyebrows? Is she sweet? I like sweet. But not too sweet, you could throw up from that.
george: We had an incredible phone conversation. We talked for like twenty minutes. I threw away my notes in the middle of the call. You know, I thought she had a great voice timbre. Is it timbre or tamber?
george: Why'd I think it was timbre? Yeah, she could do voiceover commercials, why didn't you tell me about her voice?
george: It's mellifluous!
george: She had to be impressed by that conversation, had to! It was a great performance. I am unbelievable on the phone. On the date they should just have two phones on the table at the restaurant, done.
george: Hey! Saturday night!
george: So, what did she say?
george: That's it?
george: She didn't mention anything about the conversation?
george: Now, you see, I don't get that. We had a relaxed stimulating, great conversation, she doesn't mention it? Why doesn't she mention it?
george: Alright, alright, I'll go on the date, but that's that.
george: What are you gonna do with all of them?
george: I'll take one. It's possible.
george: Yeah, it's me, I just got home.
george: Alright look, I'm gonna tell you, but I made a pact with Cynthia, we swore we were not going to tell you and Elaine.
george: It's in the vault?
george: We had sex.
george: I don't know. I closed my eyes and made a move.
george: Yeah.
george: No, she left. Listen, you can't mention any of this to Elaine. Cynthia will kill me, we made a deal.
george: I left three messages. I can't believe this woman. She has sex with me, leaves ten minutes later then I never hear from her again. What kind of a person does this? I mean, she used me. I feel cheap and violated.
george: What are you gonna do?
george: I keep wracking my brain to try and figure out what I did. I was smart, I was funny, I made great small talk with the waitress so she could see I could relate to the commoners, you know, I'm a man of the people.
george: No, don't call her.
george: No, Jerry, don't call.
george: I don't want you to call.
george: Give me the phone!
george: Jerry, I'm gonna kill you!
george: You can't do that, it's none of your business!
george: But tell him to give me the--
george: No.
george: What?
george: Defective?!
george: (attacking Kramer) How could you give me a defective condom?!
george: What do you mean you didn't think I wasn't gonna use them?!
george: She missed her period? Oh my god. I can't believe it! I'm a father! I did it! My boys can swim! I can do it! I can do it!
george: Sorry, we're a little late. We got so hung up in traffic.
george: (hitting Cynthia playfully with a napkin) Stop it, stop it.
george: (with a mouth full of food) This is good. Oh, this is good.
george: Me? It wasn't me I never even saw the ball. All you do is dribble.
george: Oh I'm a chucker.
george: I can't believe you called me a chucker. No way I'm a chucker, I do not chuck, never chucked, never have chucked, never will chuck, no chuck!
george: All these years I've been chuckin' and you've never told me?
george: yeah, I ... I snuck a peak. ... But it was so fast I didn't see anything. It was just a blur.
george: See ya.
george: look at this guy. Does he have to stretch in here?
george: Keith Hernandez? The baseball player?
george: Are you sure?
george: Wow, Keith Hernandez. He's such a great player.
george: I'd love to be a Civil War buff. ... What do you have to do to be a buff
george: ho ho ho ho. You know I only got two weeks left of unemployment. I got to prove I've been looking for a job to get an extension
george: Oh, yeah I'm sure he loves to hear from fans in the locker room.
george: He's Keith Hernandez. You're Jerry Seinfeld.
george: What are you comparing yourself to Keith Hernandez. The guys a baseball player Jerry, Baseball!
george: What, ... you are making some wisecracks in a night club... wo wo wo. The guy was in game SIX two runs down two outs facing elimination.
george: Mine too.
george: You know Keith, what I've always wondered, with all these ball clubs flying around all season don't you think there would be a plane crash? ...
george: But if you think about it...26 teams, 162 games a season, you'd think eventually an entire team would get wiped out.
george: Uh, it's only a matter of time.
george: Yes and I was hoping ... to get a thirteen week extension.
george: Well you know what I've discovered Mrs. Sokol. It's not so much the looking as the listening. I listen for work. And as I'm looking and listening I am also looking. You can't discount looking. It's sort of a combination. It's looking, and listening, listening and looking. But you must look.
george: Specific, Ah, lets see. I've walked in and out of so many buildings they all .. blend in together, I uh, ..
george: Absolutely, uh, lets see there's, uh, Vandelay Industries, I just saw them. I got very close there. very close.
george: Latex, latex manufacturing
george: Yes, for a sales position. Latex salesman, the selling of latex, and latex related products. They just wouldn't give me a chance.
george: YYYDDSSHE(?) ... Jose Jimenez. You recognize it?
george: Jose Jimenez, ... verrry funny. ..very funny.
george: uh, Uh, Vandelay Industries, is uh. 129 West 81st street. It's a very small industry Vandelay. It's one of the reasons I wanted to uh, work for them.
george: That's uh, KL5-8383. Are you calling them soon because, they keep very strange hours.
george: Sure, well uh, you know I'll check in with you next week uh, I gotta run now because I got a full plate this afternoon. All right, really go to uh,.
george: (Frantically, takes phone and screams...) He'll call you back.
george: (Frantically) Jerry, Jerry?
george: Kramer put Jerry on the phone.
george: Kramer!! Kramer no!!
george: hitting phone
george: Do me a favor would you? Would you change lanes? Would you get outta this lane. You gotta get out of this lane. This lane stinks. They're all double parked here Please get outta this lane. I'm beggin you please please.
george: You know what, bad mistake my mistake do me a favor go back to the other lane - you'll never get there - forget this lane - y'a kn ow what this lane stinks - go back to the other lane - bad decision - go go go take this light - take this light -
george: Get out?
george: Wa, I'm not getting out of this cab
george: No, no! You can't throw me out
george: (Frantically) Did anybody call here asking for Vandelay industries?
"george: Now, listen closely. I was at the unemployment office and I told them that I was very close to getting a job with Vandelay Industries and I gave them your phone number. So, when now when the phone rings you've got to answer ""Vandelay Industries""."
george: Right.
george: You're in latex
george: Ya manufacture it.
george: You're considering hiring me for your latex salesman.
george: Right.
george: Because I asked you to.
george: KEITH HERNANDEZ?
george: Where are you goin?
george: What the hell are you two talking about? (All exit)
george: Who paid?
george: Split it. Pretty good. Talk about game six?
george: So then what?
george: Shake his hand?
george: What kind of a shake does he have?
george: So, uh, you gonna see him again?
george: Wow! The weekend.
george: Keith called you?
george: He he This guy really gets around.
george: (from bathroom) VANDELAY, SAY VANDELAY!
george: (from bathroom) VANDELAY, SAY VANDEL... (George falls) ... Vandelay Industries, ...
george: I know who it was too. It was the guy who interviewed me. He was very threatened by me. Why else wouldn't he hire me? I could sell latex like that (snaps fingers).
george: Who is this? (sees photo)
george: THIS is your daughter? My God! My God! I I hope you don't mind my saying. She is breathtaking.
george: Ah, would you take this picture away from me. Take it away and get it outta here. Let me just sign this and go.
george: Okay, Okay. Who do you think you're talking to? What are ya' you trying to make a joke, because it's not funny. I can tell you that.
george: It's one think to not give me the extension But to tease and to torture me like this. There's no call for that.
george: Glad you enjoyed it.
george: millions and millions
george: [pause] Would I like to come up? I would love to come up. I, I'm fighting not to. Fighting! Unfortunately I uh have to get an early start tomorrow. Gotta' get up and hit that pavement
george: I got me an appointment with a hardware store. I'm not saying I want to do it for the rest of my life, but, uh, hardware fascinates me. Don't you love to make a key?
george: [pause] Tonight?
george: Will I call you when I get home? ha ha What do you think? ee, you kill me kill me
george: I had a great time tonight Carrie. And I am going to call you as soon as I get home.
george: Bother, wa', what kind of bother?
george: Why? Is there anything wrong?
george: Why?
george: I went to the hardware store interview.
george: I thought were a team.
george: Carrie, could you do me a favour? Could you not mention this to your mother?
george: How do you kn ow?
george: I suppose he's an attractive man, I ,
george: Hate those couples. I could never bee one of those couples. There are no bald woman around. You know?
george: You know what I would like to do? I would really like to have sex with a tall woman. I mean really tall. Like a like a giant Like six five.
george: What was the tallest woman you ever slept with?
george: Wow,  god! You see this is all I think about. Sleeping with a giant. It's my life's ambition.
george: Magellan? You like Magellan?
george: Who do you like?
george: I like DeSoto.
george: Discovered the Mississippi.
george: All right, I've got to go down to the unemployment office. Wanna take a walk?
george: What? The guy asked you to HELP HIM MOVE? Wow.
george: The next thing you know, he'll have you driving him to the airport..
george: I gave. I gave everything I could Mrs. Sokol. but nothing was good enough for her.
george: Ha, I don't know who she's looking for. I don't know. I'll tell you something. She's very particular, your daughter. Very particular. What is she looking for some big hot shot businessman? Well I've got my pride too. I'm not going to beg her.
george: You, uh, you like baseball? [picks up baseball from desk]
george: Funny, cause I happen to be very good friends with Keith Hernandez.
george: Know him? Would you, uh, like to meet him?
george: I can produce Keith Hernandez right here within the hour.
george: All right Mrs. S. I and my good pal Keith Hernandez will be right back.
george: 129 west 81st street and hurry.
george: Goodbye (exits cab)
george: Keith, Keith Wa What happened? Where's Keith?
george: (out the window) Keith, Keith, up here. Can you do me a favor? I need you to go to the unemployment office with me. I, I'm Jerry's friend  the guy from the locker room,  I'm the chucker. It'll take five minutes. Wait. Wait.
george: I don't know.
george: It's all departures. I see nothing but departures. (to the woman beside him) Do you know where the arrivals are?
george: Excuse me, sir, do you have the time?
george: Where?
george: But you have a watch on.
george: Why don't you just look at your watch?
george: Let me see the watch.
george: You know we're living in a society!
george: Jerry. Jerry.
george: I just got here. My car broke down on the Belt Parkway.
george: One mile from the exit it starts shaking, really violently shaking, like it's having a nervous breakdown. It completely stopped dead.
george: No.
george: How do you know?
george: We should take his limo.
george: Wait a second. Think about it. He's not showing up. Wait till you see the line of cabs, its like forty-five minutes long. You said he's in Chicago.
george: Well the guy's just standing there.
"george: We just go up to him, we say, ""We're O'Brien."""
george: No, he doesn't know O'Brien, if he knew O'Brien he wouldn't have a sign. Let's just do it.
george: What's gonna happen? They can't kill us.
george: I'll be O'Brien.
george: You're you.
george: Yeah.
george: What, you don't want to be you?
george: Like who?
george: Well I like Dylan.
george: Colin O'Brien.
george: I'm Colin O'Brien.
george: Are we really doing this?
george: Clock over there. (to chauffer) O'Brien.
george: Sorry we're late.
george: Oh thank you.
george: Thank you very much. Dylan?
george: This is incredible! This is one of the greatest things I've ever done in my life! I'm gonna call my mother.
george: I dunno, I'm in a limo. (dials) Hello ma? It's me. Guess where I am. In the back of a limo. No, nobody died. It's a long story, I can't tell you now. Because I can't. I said I can't. If I could, I would. Would you stop it? Alright, look, I'm getting off. No, I'm not telling you! How's this? I'm *never* telling you! I don't care! No! Fine! Never!!
george: Can he hear us?
george: I thought I saw him look in the mirror suspiciously.
george: Let's test him. Hey, driver. What do you say we stop off, pick up your sister, have a little fun back here? No, he can't hear us.
george: We'll ask him. (opens partition) My dear fellow, where are you dropping us?
george: Of course, the uh, the four passes. (closes partition) Four passes to Madison Square Garden? Wait a minute. Wait a minute! Of course! Chicago! The Knicks are playing the Bulls tonight!
george: We are going to the Knick game! Michael Jordan!
george: Did I tell you?! Did I tell you?!
george: You see, you see? I see things as they are and I say, 'no!' Uh, wait, you see things as they are not and you s- Wait, uh, you see things, do you see things as they are? What do you say when you see things?
george: If I see things as they are, I would ask 'why' or 'why not?'
george: Where are we going? Why are we pulling off here?
george: We're on the Grand Central, there's no traffic.
george: Right. The other members of our party. (closes partition) Other members of our party? What other members of our party? I didn't even know we were in a party. Oh, I'm telling you, the jig is up.
george: It was a good jig.
george: There could be more than one O'Brien on a plane who ordered a limo.
george: Well you should have been O'Brien.
george: Yes, you have to be Murphy.
george: You're Murphy!
george: You're Murphy!! Look, let's just jump out of the car.
george: So we jump and roll, you won't get hurt.
george: We're slowing down. Are those the people?
george: Hello. I'm O'Brien.
"george: So, um, you've read ""The Big Game"", have you?"
"george: Tell me your impressions, I would love to hear what a young woman thinks of ""The Big Game""."
george: Well, it's just a game. Remember that, kids.
george: Well, I was exaggerating a bit, just for effect.
george: Okay, I mean it's serious but--
george: Uh, my speech?
george: ...and the Jews steal our money through their Zionist occupied government and use the black man to bring drugs into our oppressed white minority communities.
george: I said so many things.
george: They're shooting! They're shooting!
george: That's really very nice of you, Eva. Thank you.
george: Didja see the way she was looking at me?
george: I know, I know. Kind of a cute Nazi though.
george: I don't know.
george: I can't run, I have a bad hamstring.
george: I hurt it in a hotel room. You know where they tuck the covers in real tight in those hotel rooms? I can't sleep like that so I tried to kick it out and I pulled it.
george: For a mental patient. Wait a minute, the phone, we'll call the police.
george: 9... 1... 1. She said she'd do anything. Hello, police? Uh, yeah listen, we're in the back of a limo in Queens--
george: --Astroturf? You know who's responsible for that, don't you?! The Jews! Ah, the Jews hate grass. They always have, they always will.
george: Would you excuse us for a minute Tim boy, we're kind of in the middle of something.
george: Tim, who's the head of the Aryan Union, you or me?
george: And who's responsible for making hate mongering and fascism popular again?
george: Good. I think you forgot something.
george: Good. Now get out.
george: Okay, what are we gonna do?
george: Alright, how's this? We wait till we get to your street corner, we see Elaine and Kramer then we get out. They can't shoot us in the city.
george: Me??
george: He's extremely Murphy. He's Murphy to a fault.
george: Those are my friends I was telling you about. We're gonna talk to them, pull over.
george: What do I do?! What do I do?!
george: I am not O'Brien! I am not O'Brien! I'm not O'Brien! Ask anyone! Jerry?! Jerry?!!
george: Boy! What a story! I'm speechless. Speechless. I have no speech.
george: I love when they touch your arm. I can't get enough of that. Why is that?
george: So you didn't turn her in?
george: Gonna see her again?
george: Hey, hey, hey! I dig.
george: Yes! I see enormous potential here.
george: Because great couples always have a great story about how they met. That's why I've never been in a long term relationship. I've never had a good meeting story.
george: I don't think so.
george: Oh, well I didn't know you went into Queens Jerry.
george: Tell her about the shoving.
george: No! Tell her.
george: You'll pay? I'm there.
george: Pass the salt please.
george: Bread.
george: God bless you.
george: I wasn't going to say anything, but then I could see that he wasn't going to open his mouth. (Chuckles)
george: Really, I was, I was only kidding around.
george: No, no, I don't think I'm special. My mother always said I'm not special.
george: I said 'God bless you'. Was that so wrong?
george: Yes, yes, I definitely waited. But let me say this Once he passes on that option, that 'God bless you' is up for grabs.
george: Well I don't think she is a multiple sneezer, because she sneezed again later, and it was also a single.
george: Oh ya, like there's something wrong with saying 'God bless you'. I was raised to say 'God bless you'.
george: Ah, shut up.
george: Who?
george: Why?!
george: Where's the remote phone?
george: God.
george: Well she apologized, and then she wanted to know if we could get together Wednesday afternoon.
george: Maybe she just wants to talk to me?
george: Oh my God, an affair. That's so adult. It's like with stockings and martinis, and William Holden. On the other hand it probably wouldn't cost me any money.
george: I can't have an affair with a married woman, that's despicable!
george: Well, who is she?
george: Oh right, right! The blue sweatpants! Gees, it's too bad you can't say anything because of Angela.
george: You can't compromise your principles!
george: Can't live!
george: This country needs more people like you!
george: I believe strongly in that as you know.
george: That's why the world's in the shape it's in.
george: Oh my God. I must be crazy. What have I done?
george: What's wrong? I'll tell you what's wrong. I just committed adultery!
george: Oh yeah.
george: Well, I wouldn't want you to do that. You know there's a lot of losers out there.
george: Well, that's a given.
george: Must be hell living in that house.
george: Hey.
george: No, why, what's happening?
george: Yeah, okay.
george: What?!
george: He mentioned my name?! What did he say?!
george: What? Why couldn't you think of something?!
george: You lie! How hard is it to lie?!
george: It's not my fault! I wasn't going to do anything until you got her all juiced up with your story about having the affair with the matador!
george: Oh don't-
george: She told this couple she had an affair with a matador.
george: Jerry, let's go! You ready?
george: Excuse me, I've got a maniac stalking me, I'm not staying in the city.
george: Come on let's get out of here.
george: Jerry, can we get out of here?!
george: (bursting out of the bathroom, fumbling with his fly) Button fly! Why do they put buttons on a fly? It takes ten minutes to get these things open!
george: (incredulous) What?
george: Nothing.
george: I dont get art.
george: Well, it always has to be explained to me, and then I have to have someone explain the explanation.
george: What for?
george: So do I, but I wouldn't hang it on a wall.
george: You know, I'm a little nervous.
george: Well, you know... the friend meeting the new woman. I feel like I'm getting fixed up for a friendship.
george: Really? I thought you liked her.
george: You know, it's a miracle you're not married. (beat) Hey, I'm not obligated to buy anything, am I?
george: (looking uncomfortable) Um... yeah! Sure, sure I'm interested.
george: (gritting teeth) Yeah, sure.
george: I am an art-adorer! I adore art.
george: Behind the dugout, are you kidding? How did you get them?
george: All my life I've dreamed of sitting front row, behind the dugout!
george: Look at where we are! (referring to the seat usher) He's not stopping! He just keeps going and going and going! (the usher abruptly stops at the second row) We're not in the first row?
george: She said first row! Right behind the dugout!
george: I was all primed for the first row; I was gonna put my feet up on the dugout!
george: Oh, there's better, (pointing at the row in front of them) right there, that's better.
george: (amused) You're supposed to do that?
george: I'd rather go to a hanging.
george: Yeah?
george: Hi! Mr. West, this is my friend Elaine--
george: --and this is Kramer.
george: Okay.
george: Yeah, it's being framed right now. I don't even know what it costs. (beat) Not, uh, too expensive, is it?
george: Just take the cap off.
george: Just take the cap off!
george: (to Elaine) Do you want us to go with you?
george: Okay, we'll go!
george: Five-hundred dollars?! What?
george: I'm not paying $500 for this! It's a piece of junk!
george: Why did you even take it? You broke up with her!
george: You weren't thinking.
george: Well, I'm not buying it. No way. Forget it. No way I'm buying this! (beat) I mean, look at it! What is it? It's a bunch of squiggly lines! (beat) Are you telling me you couldn't paint this?
george: I'm not paying for this. If you were going out with her, it'd be a different story.
george: Hey, Kramer.
george: What?
george: What's it say?
george: WOW!
george: (on intercom) It's George.
george: Hey, Nina! (beat) I owe you some money, don't I?
george: Oh, yeah, me too, me too. Boy oh boy oh boy...! You know, in fact, I've been thinking about it, and I feel like I'm stealing from you! Five-hundred dollars! It's gonna be worth thousands soon! You know what? On second thought, I can't even accept it.
george: This could be in a museum some day! It's not safe with me! It should really be in a doormanned building.
george: Who said anything about money? (intercom buzzes)
george: I just popped in now. I'm a big pop-in guy.
george: How 'bout Kramer.
george: (as Jerry and Elaine continue to whine) Give it! Give it! (he finally gets the remote away from them) Pinheads.
george: This is incredible!
george: Maybe I won't send her that check.
george: Five-thousand? Why would anybody buy Kramer for $5000? (laughs)
george: So is it all over between you and... Marsha Mason?
george: Tell you what, I'll make a deal with you. I'll sell it to you right now for ten bucks.
george: Behind the dugout, that's where we were sitting the other day.
george: I really think it looks good.
george: All bald people look good in hats.
george: What a bald paradise that must have been. Nobody knew.
george: No, I can't. What if I meet a woman? I'd always be worried about that first moment where I'd take it off and see that look of disappointment on her face.
george: Do you hear that?
george: You had to move the mirror?
george: I went to look in the mirror, it wasn't there. You threw off my equilibrium.
george: I can't drive?
george: Nobody drives like me. Nobody. I'm doing things in this car, you have no idea they're going on. Wanna see me make a right turn from the left lane? Watch this.
george: And I can make a left turn from the right lane too.
george: What are we gonna tell Jerry about the car?
george: Alright, start looking for spaces.
george: Look, I have my system. First I look for the dream spot right in front of the door, then I slowly expand out in concentric circles.
george: I can't park in a garage.
george: I don't know, I just can't. Nobody in my family can pay for parking, it's a sickness. My father never paid for parking; my mother, my brother, nobody. We can't do it.
george: You don't understand. A garage. I can't even pull in there. It's like going to a prostitute. Why should I pay, when if I apply myself, maybe I could get it for free? (he hears a horn honking) What? What do you want? Go around me, I'm looking for spaces.
george: (putting the car in reverse) Oh beautiful! Look at that, the dream space right in front of Jerry's building. Huh? Dreams can come true, what did I tell you?
george: Alright, now you're gonna see some parallel parking. (spitting into his hands and rubbing them together) How I wish you could make a living parallel parking. (turning around in his seat) It's all geometry, knowing all the angles, when to make that first turn and then when to swing it back in, that's the key.
george: There's nothing I can even impart to you, that's the sad thing. It's so inborn, I can't pass it on. (begins backing into the space) Look at this guy. Are you crazy, what are you doing?! Hey! Hey, you're stealing my space!
george: No no no, he's not getting away with this.
george: Hey, what are you doing?
george: You can't do that, you can't just sneak in from the back like that.
george: Well if you didn't think I was parking, why did you put it in head first?
george: I was in the middle of a conversation.
george: The point is I was here first.
george: But I'm backing in! You can't put it in head first!
george: Are you gonna move the car?
george: Jerk!
george: Do you believe this guy?
george: I am not putting it in a garage, it's my space.
george: Are you coming back down?
george: Alright, just make sure he reserves the good chair for me. Wait, what are you gonna tell him about the clanking noise in the car?
george: Oh, come on, you're good at this.
george: I don't know, I don't know, you'll think of something.
george: Hey!
george: Yeah, I'm fine.
george: What?
george: What, you know Jerry?
george: How do you know him?
george: Because I know him too, and probably a lot better than you.
george: What, you know Kramer?!
george: And you're watching the fight at Jerry's?
george: Oh great.
george: It's my space!
george: I'll die out here.
george: Oh, come on.
george: Me? You see what he did here, you see how he tried to sneak into my space?
george: You only went in front first 'cause you saw me backing up and you didn't have room to parallel park!
george: You've got a prayer.
george: Did you talk to him?
george: You told him? What did you tell him?
george: I don't believe it, what did you say?
george: A pack of teenagers?
george: You are a genius, it's as simple as that.
george: Oh great.
george: Well I didn't know you wanted to go to the flea market.
george: Hey, who's talking to you?
george: What? Every time I leave my house now I have to call everybody I know and ask them if they want to do what I'm doing?
george: Great move, telling him, by the way, real smart move.
george: Judgement, Jerry, judgement! You exercised no judgement.
george: Yeah, I'm sorry.
george: What was wrong with that sorry? It was a good sorry. Jerry, was that a good sorry?
george: You heard the man. I guess you gotta be moving your car.
george: Yeah.
george: Uh huh.
george: Well, you know, It's interesting, you know, under that pressure, what you're capable of.
george: I learned a lot about myself.
george: I couldn't help it! Elaine moved the mirror, I got discombobulated.
george: No no, I never said I was a good driver, I said I was a good parker.
george: Parker, I never said driver, I said parker, a great parker.
george: No no no, that's in the right position.
george: No you weren't. Stop there, that's fine.
george: Do you?
george: Sid, it's completely his fault.
george: Don't do it!
george: Yes! I'm not giving him the satisfaction, it's my space.
george: No no, this is a matter of principle. That would just be saying that anybody could just pull into any parking space any way they want. Well I'm making a stand here. I'm saying *no* to head first parking. I'm not putting up with that. We put up with too much crap in this city, we're not putting up with head first parking.
george: So you're against me now?
george: He's right. never.
george: When do you ever have ten car lengths?
george: Oh please.
george: Oh, this guy tried to sneak into my space.
george: Well, thank you for your support.
george: Really? You like it? I got it at a flea market today.
george: Yeah, thanks.
george: No! It, uh, it wouldn't fit you.
george: No! Get out of here, Newman.
george: No, Newman, stop it.
george: I don't want him to!
george: You wanna see?! (pulling off the hat to reveal the bald pate) There! There it is! (turning to Newman) Alright, here! You wanna try on the hat?! Here! Try on the hat!
george: Alright, just keep the hat!
george: I'm not going if he's going.
george: Officer, could I just explain something to you?
george: Officer, he can't pull in head first.
george: Well, you're gonna have to go to the bathroom!
george: I don't have a job!
george: Gee, Kramer, I uh...I don't know what to say.
george: Should I give you my keys, is that the transaction, trading keys...? Because Elaine has my keys.
george: I suppose I could.
george: Me?
george: Alright, stop it Kramer, you're freakin' me out. (The waitress comes over.)
george: Yearn? Do I yearn?
george: You yearn.
george: Well, not recently. I craved. I crave all the time, constant craving...but I haven't yearned.
george: Aw, Kramer, don't start...
george: I am not! What you call wasting, I call living! I'm living my life!
george: No.
george: No.
george: No.
george: No.
george: Uh...no.
george: No.
george: I like to get the Daily News!
george: Why?
george: Yeah, I think I got a touch of something, too.
"george: ""These pretzels are making me thirsty""? That was one line! You got fired!"
george: Uh, no, I'm not.
george: You're not really gonna go to California, are you?
george: Anyway, so he gave me his spare keys, now he wants to have my keys, so I need mine back from you.
"george: I don't know. He said he wants to be my ""key brother."""
george: What for?
george: Jerry? Why?
george: So what?
george: Well, I don't see why if you have his, he should have yours.
george: What?
george: Alright, listen, I'll give you your spare keys, but I don't have them with me. Can I please have mine to give to back to Kramer?
george: Yes, but I still don't feel right about letting you into Kramer's apartment without his permission.
george: You never should have taken away his keys!
george: How'd the Mets do?
george: Yeah, coy.
george: Sure. (Turns around.)
george: No we're not.
george: Ask her about Kramer.
george: Look, I gotta tell ya...I been thinkin' about it, I just don't feel right about letting you into Elaine's apartment.
george: Well, you know, I shouldn't have let you into Kramer's, now you want to go into Elaine's...she entrusted me with her spare keys, how can I just let you in?
george: Just because you have someone's spare keys, it doesn't entitle you to break into their apartment. That's the reason you took away Kramer's keys.
george: Yes, well, if you had never taken your keys back from Kramer, he never would have taken his back from you and given 'em to me, in which case I wouldn't have had to take mine back from her.
george: Nope, no can do.
george: Do you wanna fight?
george: I'll fight ya! Not the face! Not the face! (The struggle continues.)
george: You're right, how did I miss that? (Begins unlocking the door, mutters under his breath) Maybe because it's a crock of shit.
george: Nothing.
george: Didn't say anything. (They go into Elaine's apartment.)
george: They were in here, I saw her put 'em in here!
george: Well, what do they look like?
george: Well, they're obviously not here.
george: Jerry, unless I pull down on this statuette and a hidden wall opens up, we have checked every square inch of this apartment!
george: What?
george: What?
george: Lemme see this. (Tries to grab the papers.)
george: Gimme half!
george: Why didn't she tell us?
george: We hardly read anything!
george: He forced me to!
george: Yes you did!
george: What, you don't want me to hold your keys?
george: Alright, alright, fine. (Gives the keys to Elaine.)
george: Whose are these?
george: Kramer was on Murphy Brown?
george: Are you sure?
george: Murphy Brown, the TV show.
george: Kramer was on Murphy Brown? That son of a gun!
george: With Candace Bergen!
george: I've always liked her. Remember her in 'Carnal Knowledge'?
george: Did she show her breasts in that?
george: I can't believe I missed Kramer. You know he asked me to go with him to California.
george: Yeah, I turned him down.
george: He asked me to keep it a secret.
george: I know. This was like a record. My previous record was when Joni Hirsch asked me not to tell anybody that we slept together. Kept a lid on that for about 28 seconds.
george: I've matured.
george: A free ticket?
george: What about accommodations?
george: Is there a meal allowance? What about seat assignments? Could I have the Kosher meal? I hear the Kosher meal is good. And I need clothes. Gotta get a haircut. Gonna have to, I have to refill my allergy medication. Oh, do I need a hat? I need a hat, don't I? Could we do the Universal tour? They have that Backdraft exhibit now, that looks very cool to me...
george: What?
george: I happen to dress based on mood.
george: Seemingly. Seemingly. But within that basic framework there are many subtle variations, only discernable to an acute observer, that reflect the many moods, the many shades, the many sides of George Costanza.
george: This is Morning Mist.
george: Personally I'm a little nervous about going through these things. I'm afraid I'm gonna step through into another dimension.
george: Heh he, I made it.
george: My bag?
george: A knife?
george: Moisturizer?
george: No, I uh... I use it.
george: C'mon Jerry, let's go. What was that all about?
george: Here we go, LA.
george: La-la Land. I got the window seat, right?
george: I called it.
george: What do you mean, oh no.
george: Curly.
george: What'd you ask me for?
george: Nope.
george: You got your own shampoo, conditioner, body lotion! Jerry, body
george: Ooh, a shower cap!
george: Oh good, good, come in. Come in, welcome. I'm George. And this is Jerry, over there, on the phone, that's Jerry. And you are, um?
george: Lupe. That's very nice, very nice. Listen, are you going to be making up the bed in the morning?
george: Fine. Excellent. Could you do me a favor? Could you not tuck the blankets in? 'Cause I can't sleep all tucked in.
george: Yes, I like to just be able to take the blankets and swish them and swirl them, you know what I mean? You know, I don't like being all tucked in. I like to have a lot of room, you know I like to have my toes pointed up in the air. Just like to scrunch up the blankets.
george: Exactly, you know what I'm talking about, right?
george: Uh, Jerry, you want your blankets tucked in?
george: You want your blankets tucked in?
george: When Lupe makes up the beds in the morning.
george: Alright, so that's one tuck and one no-tuck.
george: Yeah. One second sweetheart. Jerry, I really think it'd be easier if you didn't tuck.
george: You just said you weren't tucking.
george: Alrighty, so. That's one tuck and one no-tuck. Got that?
george: Thank you.
george: Alright, Lupe, bye-bye now.
george: Bye-bye.
george: Well what did you want her to do, you left it on the night table.
george: Hey, hey, hey! It's not Lupe's fault, you shouldn't have left it out.
george: Alright, now. What mood am I in, what mood am I in?
george: You shouldn't have tucked.
george: Nobody tucks anymore.
george: This is very exciting! You're on the Tonight Show, NBC, who else is on the show?
george: Might meet a celebrity.
george: What are you worried about, you know it.
george: Yeah yeah yeah yeah, go. Go about your business, I'll just wander around.
george: Go, go, go, don't worry about it.
george: Hey. (pointing at him) Corbin Bernsen.
george: Big fan! Big fan.
george: Hey, you grew a beard, huh?
george: Hey. You know, do I have a case for you guys to do on L.A. Law.
george: ...so mind you, at this point I'm only going out with her two or three weeks. So she goes out of town and she asks me to feed her cat. So at this time, there's a lot of stuff going on in my life and, uh, it slips my mind for a few days. Maybe a week. Not a week, five, six days.
george: Well, it's the damnedest thing. The cat dies. So she comes back into town, she finds the cat lying on the carpet stiff as a board.
george: That's what she says. I say, listen. It was an old cat. It died of natural causes. So get this, now she tells me that I gotta buy her a brand new cat. I say listen, honey. First of all, it was a pretty old cat. I'm not gonna buy you a brand new cat to replace an old dying cat. And second of all, I go out to the garbage, I find you a new cat in fifteen seconds. I say, you show me an autopsy report that says this cat died of starvation, I spring for a new cat. So she says something to me, like, uh, I dunno, get the hell out of here, and she breaks up with me. Now don't you think that would be a great case on L.A. Law?
george: I don't wanna tell you how to run your show.
george: But really, it's enough with the bar already.
george: Seriously, have they though about changing the setting?
george: Really? Because people do meet in places besides a bar, huh?
george: What about a rec room? Huh? Or a community center.
george: Yeah?
george: Fabulous, I'll think about that George, thank you!
george: Great! Great! I actually just had two meaningful intelligent conversations with Corbin Bernsen and George Wendt.
george: Yeah, yeah, not fan talk, not gushing, you know? Actual conversation, I was incredibly articulate!
george: What are you, crazy? You were fine.
george: Conveyor belt.
george: I can't believe, you're blaming Lupe?
george: He's on the lamb(?), he's on the loose!
george: What are we supposed to do? What do you do on a situation like this? Should we call a lawyer, should we call the police?
george: Hope he's not the guy.
george: God, I'm starved, I'm weak from hunger.
george: Time like what? I'm hungry. My stomach doesn't know that Kramer's wanted.
george: I couldn't have breakfast, it was lunchtime! The three hour time difference threw me. I wanted a tuna fish sandwich, they wouldn't serve me tuna fish sandwich, because they were only serving breakfast.
george: For lunch? Who eats eggs for lunch?
george: Why didn't you say something then?
george: I need food, Jerry. I feel faint, I'm getting light headed.
george: Pay phone in L.A., look it's a miracle.
george: No, I don't have any change. I never carry change.
george: I have a ten.
george: I hate asking for change. They always make a face. Like I'm asking them to donate a kidney.
george: What?
george: Breath problem?
george: Tell me.
george: You know, I haven't eaten anything.
george: Why don't you just call 911?
george: Of course it is.
george: Your friend is been accused of being a serial killer. I think that qualifies.
george: What's the matter with you? Are you crazy? Why are you using my name?!
george: What am I scared of? I'm scared of the same thing that you are, everything! Why don't you just use your own name?
george: Really?
george: You think so?
george: I don't know.
george: Excuse me, where are we?
george: Excuse me Ms. which street are we on?
george: You don't know?
george: How come you don't know what street are you on?
george: Black and white?
george: Why didn't you just say that?
george: Oh yeah, real cool. You're a cool guy.
george: I'll bet you, how much?
george: You've got a bet.
george: How much do you tip a chamber maid?
george: Hi, how are you guys? Listen, does either one of you have like a mint or piece of gum or...
george: Jerry, would you do me a favor, close the window.
george: He started it.
george: You guys ever shot anybody?
george: Hey, can I flip on the siren?
george: I'm just asking, all they have to do is say no.
george: Wohoo, check it out.
"george: You know what I never understood? Why did they change the siren noise? When I was a kid it was always ""waaaa, waaaa"", you know now it ""woo-woo-woo-woo-woo"". Why did they do that, did they do some research? Did they find that woo-woo was more effective than waa?"
george: You could eat of that shotgun.
george: My favorite.
george: Makes the 11 gauge look like a cap pistol.
george: Where?
george: Where, where? I can't see.
george: What are you doing? Where do you think you're going?
george: Hey hey hey, we're in a rush here.
george: What are you doing?!
george: There's a bag of Pepperidge Farm cookies up there.
george: Milano.
george: Should I take some?
george: I'm starving...
george: They're cuffing him.
george: Hi.
george: George, how you doing?
george: Nothing.
george: What do you tip a chamber maid.
george: Narks?
george: No no no, you know actually we are friends of a serial killer.
george: Oh, thank you.
george: Yeah well, we don't think.
george: I don't know why I'm doing this.
george: A player?
george: What?
george: You're kidding? Somebody else got killed?
george: Kramer, what the hell are you talking about?
george: I'd like to hear that.
george: As a suspect in a serial killing.
george: What did they put on this tuna? Tastes like a dill, I think it's a dill.
george: Taste this, is this a dill?
george: Tarragon? Oh, you're crazy.
george: Yeah, take care. Stay in touch.
george: No, you're crushing my sandwich.
george: Mint?
george: I've got to tell you, I'm really disappointed in Lupe.
george: Do you think she gets to take any of those little bars of soap home?
george: You would think that at the end of the week when they hand out the checks, throw in a few soaps.
george: I'll tell you something, if I'd own a company, my employees would love me. They'd have huge pictures of me up on the walls and in their home, like Lenin.
george: Oh my God, I forgot!
george: Kramer, what are you doing here?
george: What did they do for toilet paper in the civil war?
george: I wonder what toilet paper was loike in the 1860's. Did they carry it in rolls in their duffle bags?
george: What?
george: All right, so what did they do?
george: Well I think it would be nice if there was some kind of historical record of it.
george: Uh, C-R-E-S-P-I?
george: I'm unbelievable at spelling last names. Give me a last name.
george: (backing off) Huh? All right, fine.
george: What was that all about?
george: For what?
george: Your own show?
george: They want you to do a TV show?
george: Come on, how hard is that? Look at all the junk that's on TV. You want an idea? Here's an idea. You coach gymnastics team in high school. And you're married. And your son's not interested in gymnastics and you're pushing him into gymnastics.
george: Because you're a gymnastics teacher. It's only natural.
george: I know, but he's your son.
george: All right, forget that idea, it's not for you....Okay, okay, I got it. You run an antique store.
george: And people come in the store and you get involved in their lives.
george: Why not?
george: I know, but antiques are very popular right now.
george: Oh yeah, like you know.
george: Really?
george: I can't believe she got involved with a shrink.
george: So, what's happening with the TV show? You come up with anything?
george: Why don't they have salsa on the table?
george: Salsa is now the number one condiment in America.
"george: You know it must be impossible for a Spanish person to order seltzer and not get salsa. (Angry) ""I wanted seltzer, not salsa."""
george: See, this should be a show. This is the show.
george: This. Just talking.
george: I'm really serious. I think that's a good idea.
george: It's about nothing.
george: No forget the story.
george: Who says you gotta have a story? Remember when we were waiting for, for that table in that Chinese restaurant that time? That could be a TV show.
george: I could be a character.
george: Yeah. You could base a character on me.
"george: Yeah. There's something wrong with that? I'm a character. People are always saying to me, ""You know you're a quite a character."""
george: Elaine could be a character. Kramer..
george: Right.
george: Absolutely nothing.
george: We go into NBC.
george: (Scoffs) Writer. We're talking about a sit-com.
george: Yeah. I think we really go something here.
george: An idea.
george: An idea for the show.
george: It's about nothing.
george: Everybody's doing something, we'll do nothing.
george: Exactly.
george: There you go.
george: (Nervous) Nothing.
george: No, I'm fine. I'm good. I'm very good.
george: No, not nervous. I'm good, very good. (A beat, then he snaps) I can't do this! Can't do this!
george: I can't do this! I can't do it. I have tried. I'm here. It's impossible.
george: What idea? I just said something. I didn't know you were going to listen to me.
george: They're men with jobs, Jerry! They wear suits and ties. They're married, they have secretaries.
george: I need some water. I gotta get some water.
george: Really? That's pretty good.
george: Who?
george: What was that?
george: Okay, okay. Look, you do all the talking, okay?
george: Yeah, they're not better than me.
george: Who are they?
george: What about me?
george: Why them? Why not me?
george: I'm as good as them.
george: You really think so?
george: The parakeet in the mirror. That's a good one, Stu.
"george: (Quickly making it up) Well, possibly. I wrote an off-Broadway show, ""La Cocina."" ..Actually, it was off-off-Broadway. It was a comedy about a Mexican chef."
george: Pepe.
george: No, no, he mimed it. That's what was so funny about it.
george: (Interrupting) May I?
george: I think I can sum up the show for you with one word NOTHING.
george: (Smiling) Nothing.
george: The show is about nothing.
george: (To Jerry) No, it's about nothing.
george: (Attempting to spell his last name) D-A-L-R-I-M-P-E-L?
"george: Is it with a ""y""?"
george: Yeah, but nothing happens on the show. You see, it's just like life. You know, you eat, you go shopping, you read.. You eat, you read, You go shopping.
george: Oh, no. No stories.
george: (Showing an example) What'd you do today?
george: There's a show. That's a show.
george: No, no, no. Nothing happens.
george: Because it's on TV.
george: Okay, uh, look, if you want to just keep on doing the same old thing, then maybe this idea is not for you. I, for one, am not going to compromise my artistic integrity. And I'll tell you something else, this is the show and we're not going to change it. (To Jerry) Right?
george: . . . I thought the woman was kind of cute.
george: Yeah, I thought I might give her a call. I, I don't meet that many women. I meet like three women a year. I mean, we've been introduced. She knows my name.
george: Why? Maybe she liked me. I, I mean she was looking right at me. You know, I think she was impressed. You know, we had good eye contact the whole meeting.
george: Wait a minute let me call Susan.
george: She might be leaving to work any minute.
george: No.
george: (OC) It's George.
george: Hello, oh, hello. You remember, ... Susan, from N B C.
george: And this is Kramer.
george: All right go ahead Susan, tell him.
george: Well, go ahead, tell him.
george: and SUSAN The third?
george: I never should have brought her up there. Should have known better. Should have seen it coming. I didn't see it coming.
george: You know she was behind the idea. She was going to champion the show. That's what I was bring her up there to tell you. And she liked me.
george: What, are you crazy? It's a traumatic thing to be thrown up on.
george: Chamberlind, you could hold his head in nthe toilet, he'd still give you half of Europe.
george: Holly.
george: Wait a second. (smells it). all right.
george: (on intercom) It's George.
george: (to Kramer) Ah! You're just the man I'm looking for.
george: Yeah, here you go.
george: A dry-cleaning bill?
george: Yeah.
george: For vomiting on her vest!
george: Well, I shouldn't have to pay for it!
george: (to Jerry) Yeah, your milk.
george: Eighteen dollars.
george: I don't know.
george: What's Yo-yo Ma?
george: All right, come on, come on, let's go. Six dollars.
george: I know!
george: The show! Forget about the show! We should take the idea to a different network
george: It was a good idea. Susan liked it. Now, if he hadn't vomitted all over her, we'd be writing it right now.
george: Anyway.
george: What?
george: They wanna have another meeting? They wanna buy it?! They wanna but it?! Oh! I tell you! We're gonna be rich!! What are we gonna get for this? Fifty, sixty thousand?
george: Oh, it's gotta be fifty! Hee hee! You know how much Ted Danson makes, huh?
george: I didn't say 'We're Ted Danson.'
george: Oh!
george: Yeah, don't worry. He can afford it.
george: What, is that the one your parents gave you?
george: All right, we'll be a little late, I,m not taking a cab.
george: It's not the money!
george: I didn't shave this morning. I don't feel like myself.
george: Look at this.
george: 'Cause I shaved yesterday in the afternoon.
george: Because of the day before. It's a long story.
george: It's not him!
george: Mister Seinfeld? What about Mister Costanza? I'm not here?
george: Okay. A little.
george: The story is the foundation of all entertainment. You must have a good story otherwise it's just masturbation.
george: Care? Forget about care. Love. They have to love the characters. Otherwise, why would they keep tuning in?
george: Would they tune in?
george: The show will be like a heart attack!
george: Is-is that what I said 'no story'? Because Jerry had to tell me later.
george: (Laughs, snorts) I said, I said 'Get outta here! No story? Is that what I said?'
george: Well, we would like to be in business. Let's do business. We'll have some business. Let's have business.
george: Yeah!
george: Oh, oh. Uh, you know. It's the damndest thing. I, uh, I moved recently and my files, pfff, disappeared. Now, I-I don't know if they fell off the truck or if there was some sort of foul play but let me tell you something. I'm not through with that moving company.
george: That's my vow to you.
george: Oh! That's good judgment. That's a pile of judgment there. Sure.
george: See?
george: I told you, I told you! Ha ha ha! Ooh ooh!
george: Yes! How're we gonna do that?
george: Oh, thank you.
george: Thanks. Gee, you know, I thought you were mad at me.
george: When you sent me the-the bill for the dry-cleaning. I thought the show didn't have a chance.
george: Anyway, I-I would like to-to pay for the cleaning.
george: No-no-no, we all chipped in. We have the money.
george: Okay, uh, eighteen dollars, and there it is. There you go. So maybe we could get together this weekend.
george: All right, great.
george: (chuckles) Bye, thanks. (To Jerry, when Susan is far) I can't believe she took the money.
george: I offered to pay. She should've said no.
george: Maybe this is what the pilot should be about, vomiting on somebody's vest.
george: How much are we gonna get for this? Fifty, sixty thousand?
george: Oh, gotta get fifty. Gotta get fifty. All right, I tell you what. We go to the coffee shop, you call your manager. Maybe they made an offer.
george: (excited, pushing Jerry forward) All right, let's go, let's go, let's go, come on.
george: Thirteen thousand?
george: a piece?
george: That's insulting! Ted Danson makes eight hundred thousand dollars an episode.
george: Well, he does.
george: I'm sorry. I can't live knowing Ted Danson makes that much more than me. Who is he?
george: What about me?
george: Why him? Why not me?
george: I'm better than him.
george: (crouches too) What? Where? Where?
george: I can't go out there, he knows we're friends.
george: Tell the cop.
george: I thought you said he was gonna get a muffin.
george: I thought he was just gonna have a muffin.
george: You know, a muffin can be very filling.
george: I'm not* sure.
george: All right. I don't.
george: What's with this guy?
george: (reading the tabs) Jerry, yours is eleven dollars.
george: Muffin, sandwich and coffee!
george: What's the difference? The money is not important.
george: Ah, get outta here. The vomiting is much funnier.
george: No, YOU do!
george: So, I'm uh, I'm afraid we're going to have to pass.
george: Well, it's . . . much too low.
george: tsh (snorts) Ah, yeah, we've - we've talked . . . I believe I can speak for the both of us on this.
george: Standard?
george: Is Ted Danson's deal standard?
george: You know, the guy from Cheers.
george: I didn't say I was Ted Danson.
george: You tell Russell.
george: Oh... do I have to write him a note or something?
george: Well what would I say in the note?
george: Oh-ohf (snorts) yeah, I'm a writer. (laughs)
george: Wha-Is that the one your parents gave you?
george: ahhhhh (exhaling) Jerry, my young friend, you're so nave. You are so, so nave. You know about a few things. You know about comedy, a little bit about relationships, some baseball, but you are so far out of your element here, you are embarrassing yourself. Now listen to me. I'm negotiating. Negotiation, this is what'cha do in business.
george: Ooooo, I'm scared. . . . Ohoooo they're not going to do the show.
george: Ohooo what are we going to do? I'm shaking! I'm shaking!
george: Well, we'll just see.
george: Yes we will.
george: I know you did.
george: So good for you.
george: What are you repeating everything I'm saying?
george: Well George . . . .
george: Oh hey, by the way. Do you want a box 'a, Cuban cigars? I smoked one last night. I got nauseous.
george: Here you go.
george: Yeah, Cubans.
george: Yeah, the kind that Castro smoked. You can't buy ?em anywhere.
george: Yeah, yeah, me to miss -- I miss.
george: Boy, you look really great.
george: No, no you really look great.
george: Yeah, I saw it.
george: You almost did the nose.
george: What? I'm not eating bread now. I'm off bread.
"george: What do you mean - ""Not letting you?"""
george: Svenjolly. (licking a little bit of peanut butter from his finger)
george: You know what you should do? You should tell this guy you're seeing somebody else. That's the easiest way to get out of these things.
george: No, you just tell him ah, an old boyfriend has come back into your life.
george: Took a shot.
george: He said what?
"george: ""The hell with them?"""
george: (worried) Oh boy.
george: (still worried) He was pretty emphatic?
george: Pounded?
george: (getting animated) Look I, I uh, I had nothing to do with this. It wasn't my decision. It was Jerry! Jerry told me no. I'm the creative guy. He handles the business end.
george: I was quoting him. Why would I be insulted? I'm never insulted. You could call me baldy, dump soup on my head. Nothing insults me.
george: Well, don't they make a counter offer? How can they just cancel the whole deal like that? What kind of a maniac is this guy? I mean he just, he says no, and that's it?
george: Well, he has to play! He can't just not play. We're playing! Look, I gotta see him, how do I get in touch with him?
george: Mon...? No, no, I can't wait til Monday, that's impossible, I gotta talk to him now. Where does he live?
george: Gimme the purse!
george: Costanza. Costanza.
george: The guy who pitched him the show with the stories about nothing. (snaps fingers) Jerry Seinfeld. Jerry Seinfeld's friend.
george: (into phone, frantic) Mister Dalrimple! Mister Dalrimple I have to talk to you!
george: It's about the show. It... No, it was...
george: ...It was all a terrible misunderstanding, sir. Just five minutes. Just five minutes of your time. (listens) Thank you! Thank you, Mister Dalrimple.
george: (sidling in) Is this a bad time? I hope I'm not disturbing anything.
george: (entering the apartment more fully) Oh. Oh, hi, hi. Hi. Nice to meet you. (peering at the table) What're you having, veal?
george: Looks like veal.
george: Well, it's a good looking piece of meat. (laughs nervously) Wow, this is some place. A duplex, huh? (indicating) Look at this, you got stairs in an apartment. All my life, I dreamed about having steps in an apartment. Even one step. Sunken living room. Although, one step is really not all that sunken. (tries hard to elicit a laugh)
george: No, that's a fair question. It is, uhm... (nervous chuckle) Jerry, yeah. (to Cynthia) Jerry's a friend of mine. (to Russell) He uh, he gave it to me. Unbelievable how many addresses of people this guy has.
george: He's got Marlon Brando's. I could go to Marlon Brando's house if I really wanted.
george: Course, I wouldn't, I mean uh, the guy is uh, well obviously (to Cynthia, as she passes) the guy has his problems.
george: Well, you know, it's really very funny, because you know what we got here, really? We really, really, just have a terrible misunderstanding. You see, when I passed on the deal, I thought that's what Jerry wanted me to say. Y'know, I, I misinterpreted.
george: Oh, what time is it? Eight thirty? I'll tell you what's on. You got Major Dad, Blossom, very funny programme...
george: Are you sure? Oh, look who I'm talking to. The president of NBC. (forced laughter)
george: (worried) Alright, alright. Look, we're people, you and me, huh? Businessmen. Colleagues, if I may. Let's not quibble. We'll do it for the thirteen thousand. Thirteen thousand, and I never came up here, we never talked, alright. You take good care. (moving past Russell toward the door) It was nice seeing you again, and nice meeting you. (to Cynthia) Cynthia, right?
george: Awright, lemme just say this. Ten thousand dollars, alright, and now I'm going below what you wanted to pay. You have your dinner, have your veal, or whatever it is. Enjoy...
george: Alright, that's it. Alright, good, eight thousand dollars. (to Cynthia) Cynthia, again, nice meeting you. Have I commented on the shoes? I love suede, it's so thick and rich. Did you ever, you ever rub it against the grain? Alright, anyway...
george: (pleased) You've made Jerry very happy.
george: May I just use your bathroom for a moment?
george: (to Jerry) Hey.
george: Hey, Mr Seinfeld. (shakes Morty's hand) Hey, Mrs Seinfeld. How are you?
george: What'd I do?
george: Yeah, as a matter of fact, I did.
george: We got a deal.
george: Uh, please, Morty.
george: I'm just happy to be working with your talented son...
george: ...Who's not doing this for the money.
george: You have no idea how refreshing that is.
george: (big smile) Eight thousand dollars.
george: (quietly) That's uh, for the two of us.
george: I was wrong, you were right.
george: You're smart, I'm dumb.
george: Yeah, he's something, isn't he?
george: (to Jerry) You're very special.
george: Bye Mrs Seinfeld, take care.
george: (shaking hands with Morty) Morty, always a pleasure.
george: Yeah, like he was really gonna take your money.
george: You're kidding.
george: Man, would I like to see the look on his face.
george: (on the answering machine) Jerry, it's George. Hey, hey are you all set for the weekend. This is going to be great. You're going to have a great time with Naomi.
george: (con't) All right, you know she's got that laugh. What did you say? It's like Elmer Fudd sitting on a juicer?
george: (con't) A-Anyway, I was thinking we would take two cars up to the cabin and that way if one of wanted to stay you know...
george: Well how could you just play your message in front of anybody?
george: Well, I didn't think anyone would play it.
george: What do you mean not goin'? Come on, we got plans here. Call her up.
george: Wh-Well maybe you should ask Elaine.
george: Oh no no no no, don't say anything to Kramer. Susan can't stand him. He vomited all over her.
george: Gee, that's-that's too bad.
george: Well, cause we were just saying we were going to ask you to come up to the country with us this weekend. Susan's father has a cabin up there. But, eh, all right, well.
george: No, no that's ah, that's pie country.
george: Yeah, they eh, they do a lot of baking up there.
george: Blackberry, Boysenberry ...
george: Huckleberry, Raspberry...
george: Strawberry, Cranberry ...
george: A bubble boy?
george: Boy!
george: What kind of plastic do you think it is? What do you think like that dry cleaning plastic?
george: Well all right, beautiful, so you stop in. Ya, ya visit the bubble boy for twenty minutes and then we can go.
george: (laughs) hu hu.
george: All right there you go. It's a '47 cabin all right. So, we'll see you tomorrow.
george: and JERRY Very nice, very nice, nice.
george: and JERRY Yeah.
george: (clears his throat)
george: Uh, nothing, lets get going. Come on. (laughs) hu hu.
george: No, no, no we'll talk about it later.
george: Would you stop that please. Would you just stop that?
george: Knock it off, just sit in your seat over there you're distracting me. We're making incredible time here. I once went into Kennedy Airport from West 81st Street to in uh, in 15 minutes. hu uh. Oh, here hold this. It's uh, ten dollars for the tolls.
george: Well it's not my fault. Seinfeld can't drive. How hard is it to follow somebody?
george: It's fine, we'll just meet him at the bubble boy's house.
george: I don't know of this is the house. I don't see Jerry's car anywhere.
george: Would you stop it. (Susan playfully bites his ear lobe again) Would you quit it please. Someone is going to see us here.
george: Hey, I am not a prude sweetheart. I swing with the best of them. (snapping his fingers 5 times)
george: What?
george: I can't go in there. I can't face the bubble boy.
george: I-I just don't react well to these situations. My grandmother died two months early because of the way I reacted in the hospital. She was getting' better. And then I went to pay her a visit. She saw my face. BOOM. That was the end of it.
george: Susan, wait please... (grabs her) Please ...
george: Susan, Susan would you wai,....
george: Huh (quietly)
george: and SUSAN (nod)
george: Can you uh, go in the bubble?
george: So then he makes his own bed?
george: Uh, well, you know,...
george: Hi. (waves to Donald and laughs) hahahaha.
george: Tsst...'Course I have. Come on. My cousin's in a bubble. My friend Jeffrey's uh, sister, also ... bubble ... you know. I got a lot of bubble experience. Come on.
george: She works for NBC.
george: Ah, well, you know we gotta been running because of the ...
george: A-hu no, uh, it's just that ...
george: All right Bubble Boy. Let's just play... Who invaded Spain in the 8th century?
george: Oh, Noooo, I'm so sorry. It's the MOOPS. The correct answer is, The MOOPS.
george: I'm sorry the card says MOOPS.
george: It's MOOPS.
george: MOOPS,
george: Help, someone. (BUBBLE BOY is strangling George)
george: You're choking me.
george: MOOPS, MOOPS
george: JERRY! What happened to you?
george: Oh I was not. The BUBBLE BOY was tried to kill me.
george: Yeah, Susan tell him.
george: Yeah.
george: Oh, you lying little snot. And he's a cheater. Aren't ya' you little twerp?
george: MOOPS
george: MOOPS
george: MOOPS
george: Go, go, get out, ...
george: What? Must be a big one.
george: Yeah, (cough) Definite smoke.
george: (Apprehensively) Um. I just realized. Ya' never gave me back the change from the tolls.
george: No. We're supposed to tell him tonight.
george: Susan wants me to be there.
george: (Reluctantly) Yeah.
george: I didn't burn it down - Kramer did!
george: Yeah, I know what happened.
george: (Getting frustrated) I know.
george: Listen, maybe we shouldn't start writing today. I got a lot on my mind.
george: (Letting his conscious get the best of him) I wonder how Susan's father's going to react to this. Alright, what- what's the worst he could do? So you burn a cabin down..
george: We could build a cabin like (Snaps) that.
george: (Looking over the writing materials they just bought) Bics? What, d'ja get, bics?
george: Well, I like a rolling writer. They're very smooth.
george: (Still standing) So, you're gonna sit there?
george: (Offering) Drink?
george: (Uncapping his pen) Alright, here we go.
george: Weren't you supposed to call Elaine?
george: Alright, here we go. You got it?
george: Here we go.
george: (Holding out his arms - giving praise) It's beautiful. Now, what do I say?
george: Alright, let's go.
george: yeah, Kramer, we're, uh, kind of in the middle of something here. We're trying to do a little work..
george: What are you, Crazy? I can't ask the guy for more cigars after you burned down his cabin!
george: Kramer, please.
george: Kramer, I can't help you. You're gonna have to get them some place else.
george: (Getting up) You know what? Maybe I should take off.
george: Well, you know, I gotta go to, uh, Susan's parent's house for dinner.. and, you know, I want to shower first.. and I want to leave myself plenty of time.
george: I think we got a bite on it. (Exits)
george: Ohh, I have tremendous respect for people who work with feet. I mean, to dedicate yourself to the foot - you're toiling in virtual anonymity. I mean..
george: Oh, uh, the cigars.. (Chuckles nervously) I'm, uh, suckin' 'em down. I'm puffing my brains out, yeah.
george: (Impersonating Carson) I didn't not know that. Weird. Wild. (Susan and George both laugh)
"george: Oh, well, so what? Laughter - what is that? I mean, what is the point of opening your mouth and going ""Ha, ha!""? What is that? ""Ha, ha!""?"
george: (Even more nervous than before) Oh, the, uh, the cabin.. well, (Clears throat)
george: The cabin.. (Laughs nervously) Well.. (Pauses as he thinks of a way to break the news, then decides to pass it off) Susan?
george: (Annoyingly butting in) Kinda like Superman's fortress of solitude.
george: S, uh, Superman - he, uh, built the fortress of solitude up at the North Pole, to, uh, you know, sort of get away from it all..
george: (Extremely blunt) Burned.
george: Burned.
george: (Laughs) yeah, burned. Whoo..
george: Eh, but, you know, Mr. Ross, if - if you look at the whole situating, what with it being your cigars, and everything, it's really rather ironic - one might even say, in a sense, comical.. (Mr. Ross has, by now, left the room. Mrs. Ross is pointing at George, nodding, laughing. As if to say he hit the bullseye. George calls out to Mr. Ross) Really. Think about it.
george: Wo-hoah! What did you do?
george: Yeah, right.
george: Yeah, woman have no problem getting the hand off. How do they do that?
george: Alright, so, go ahead.
george: (Expressing shock) Woah. Whoa! Woah!
george: (Putting his hands up) Alright, alright, hold on! (Jerry has George's full attention) Time out! Woah, woah! (Scooting in, giddy) What did she say?
george: No, I don't know. How do I know the usual?
george: (Picking up the ketchup) What typical? Gimme typical. Gimme some typical.
george: (Breathing deeply) That's very dirty. (Jerry nods) That's absolutely filthy.
george: (Yelling out to a waitress) Gonna need some water here!
george: Ok, what did you say?
george: Of course.
"george: (Takes a few seconds to mull this one over. Shooting Jerry a confused look, he repeats it) ""The panties your mother laid out for you""? (Jerry nods) What does that mean?"
george: Well, how did she react?
george: Well, that's not offensive. (Reflects) It's abnormal, but it's not offensive.
george: Yeah, yeah. He went into the bedroom and started sobbing.
"george: Huh. (Makes a ""over his head"" gesture with his arm) C'mon, let's go, go. We got a lot of work to do today."
george: That's right.
george: Okay.
george: Here we are.
george: Let's do it.
george: Okay.
george: What'dya got?
george: Don't be silly.
george: (Scoffs) No, I told you, I'm not gonna do that.
george: (Standing up, still waking up) Alright, you know what we should do? We should go to the movies. Get away from this script for a while..
george: Alright, I just have to go over to the Ross' apartment and drop off Susan's sunglasses. You'll come with me?
george: No, no, no, no.
george: Hi, how are ya? (They kiss)
george: (Chuckling) yeah. Uh, oh, here's your sunglasses. (Hands them to her)
george: Ohh, hey there, young fella. (They shake hands) What's your major?
george: Well, you should always consider podiatry. (Patting Ricky on the shoulder) There's nothing wrong with the feet. (Ricky looks critically back at George)
george: Oh, sure. (Holds the box out as Susan takes out a few letters)
george: Well, we.. we, we, ah..
george: We really should be, uh, heading out..
george: You know, the time..
george: Well, we really should be-
george: Uh, heading out. Jerry really hates to miss the coming attractions.
george: yeah, time is what he's indicating there..
george: Uh, anyway, (Waving bye to everyone) onward and upward.
george: Alright, here we go.
george: Come on now.
george: Here we go.
george: You got it.
george: Ok, so, what'dya got?
george: Alright, so, we need something..
"george: ""How's it going?"" - beautiful."
"george: (Nodding, writing) ""How's it going?"""
"george: I'm writin' it. ""How's it going?"""
"george: Oh, uh, ""The Falconer"" by John Cheever. It's really excellent."
george: It's George.
george: What, are you locking the door now?
george: Do you know the last time I wore this thing? Six years ago, when I made that toast at Bobby Leighton's wedding.
george: It wasn't that bad.
george: I was trying to loosen 'em up a little bit.
george: Alright, still her father didn't have to throw me out like that, he could have just asked me to leave. The guy had me in a headlock! Susan's not going tonight you know.
george: I don't know, she said she had to pick up a friend of hers at the airport. It cost me a hundred dollars this ticket.
george: That's a very good question. You know she and I go out for dinner, she doesn't even reach for the check. That?s all I?m asking for is a reach. Is that so much to ask for?
george: Wait a minute, wait a minute, do you think I?m comfortable here. I can't change, I?ve got no clothes here! You've got to go like that, I can?t go like this alone!
george: That?s not the issue, we're friends, if I?ve got to be uncomfortable, you've got to be uncomfortable too!
george: What? Really?
george: People are looking for tickets here?
george: Oh man! I knew I was gonna love the opera.
george: All right, all right.
george: Oh, wait, isn't scalping illegal?
george: Ok, it's a deal!
george: No? Are you crazy?
george: Five hundred dollars, that?s a great deal!
george: Did you see that? The guy's walking away. What is wrong with you? That was a three hundred dollar profit.
george: This is not a Metallica concert, it?s an opera alright, a little dignity, a little class, just give me my ticket, I will stand over here and sell it.
george: Thank you very much. You just stand over there, I?ll stand over here.
george: Alright.
george: (shouting) Get your Paliachi!
george: But this is Pavarotti!
george: All right, I?ll tell you what, you seem like a nice guy, let?s stop jerking around. Give me.. two hundred and fifty dollars, I?ve got people waiting for me, I've got to get the hell out of here.
george: Hey pop, would you buzz off, I've got something cooking.
george: Mr Reichman?
george: What did we say? Two seventy-five?
george: Two fifty? Are you sure
george: All right, all right, two fifty.
george: S-Susan
george: What are you doing here, I though you were going to the airport.
george: So what, they don?t have another plane? She couldn't take a bus?
george: Yeah you made it, how about that.
george: We get to go to the opera together!
george: That?s-that?s-Harry Fong, he's a very good friend of mine and he's a big opera buff. Enjoy the show there harry!... You know what.
george: We're not dead.
george: Come on. We got all day tomorrow to come up with a story.
george: So we'll do it tomorrow.
george: About six years ago.
george: Women like skiers.
george: Yeah. Right.
george: The closet business? What's the closet business?
george: I'm interested.
george: So you thought she was good looking and figured this would be a good way to meet her.
george: Yeah. So what happened?
george: Marla.
george: Stacey.
george: Jerry. Marla. (Realizing Jerry's cue) Stacey! (Walks over to Stacey)
george: Anyway, we met with NBC about a month ago and they gave us the green light to go ahead and write a pilot. In fact, we got a big meeting with them tomorrow. They gotta approve of the story before we can write.
george: Not a bad way to make a buck.
george: Well, I'll tell you, Stacey. It's a lot of hard work. But, it comes fairly easy to me. Some people write symphonies. This is my gift. (Raises ski lift ticket while Stacey looks away)
george: I might.
george: What? I'm not married. I'm not allowed to go out with somebody else?
george: Depends on what?
george: Like what?
george: No. Semi-daily. Four or five times a week.
george: Implied.
george: There might be some moisturizer.
george: (Pause) Yeah.
george: What?
george: Ah, no, no. Are you sure? A girlfriend?
"george: Would you believe my luck? The first time in my life I have a good answer to the question, ""What do you do?"" and I have a girlfriend. I mean, you don't need a girlfriend when you can answer that question. That's what you say in order to get girlfriends. Once you can get a girlfriend, you don't want a girlfriend, you just want more girlfriends."
george: Well it's not fair, Jerry. It's just not fair. All right, all right. That's it. I'm getting out of this thing.
george: No, what?
george: Why? What do you mean?
george: Oh, right. Oh no, man.
george: Yeah, yeah. I see the irony. All right. What about this? What if I can find some way to break up with her so that she'll still like me and it doesn't affect the deal.
george: Wait, wait. Here me out. Don't dismiss this. You're very quick to dismiss. Don't dismiss. She's got a big crush on David Letterman, I mean, a big crush. She talks about him all the time. Suppose I go up to David Letterman. He works at NBC; I work at NBC. I explain my situation. He agrees to meet her. They go out, they fall madly in love. And she dumps me for David Letterman.
george: No, no. I'm just thinking.
george: It's George.
george: She's a virgin?
george: Wow. So what're you gonna do?
george: I don't think I could do it. You know, they always remember the first time. I don't want to be remembered. I wanna be forgotten.
george: You know, sometimes those guys don't make it back. (Looks in fridge) I'm really hungry.
george: We gotta get something. I don't want to go to that meeting on an empty stomach. Let's get some Chinese. You wanna order it?
george: What do you want?
george: I'll tell you what. Why don't we just get a couple of dishes and we'll just share 'em.
george: I'm gonna get a Chow Fung.
george: It's a broad noodle.
george: It's a big flat noodle.
george: What kind of noodle do you want?
george: All right, look. I'm getting the Chow Fung. You don't have to have any.
george: Fine.
george: Where's the food? What happened to Ping?
george: Hey, what about this? I'm in a car accident. The motorist is uninsured, you with me?
george: My car's totaled. It's all his fault and now, he has absolutely no money. There is no way that he can pay me. So the judge decrees that he becomes my butler.
george: Right. He cooks my food, he cleans my house, he does all my shopping for me. And there you go, that's your program.
george: Don't worry, we'll find something for you. (Knock of Jerry's door)
george: Something happened to the food?
george: (After looking in the bag) The pea pods? All you saved was the pea pods? (Kramer enters)
george: He dropped it.
george: (To Jerry) We got work to do. What about the meeting?
george: All right, let's postpone it. Let's get out of here.
george: I'll fake an illness. (Acts it out) My back! My back! I can't believe, my back.
george: I can do this, Jerry.
george: All right, I'll tell them my sister died. (Starts fake crying) My poor sister died. She was standing and then she was laughing and then they SHOT her! That's the kind of sick city that we're livin' in. They shoot you for laughing. I must go and comfort my poor family. Jerry, take me home so I can comfort my... my poor family.
george: That's David Letterman. I just saw David Letterman walk by. I'll be right back. (He exits)
george: You tellin' 'em about the butler story? Is that beautiful or what? Hey, sorry I'm late. (Looks at Rita) Russell?
george: Oh, Rita. Hey, Mr. Shermack, how're you doing, good to see you. Jay, always a pleasure. (To Susan) Sweetie. (Kisses her and then sits down next to Jerry) Yeah, yeah, that butler idea, that's beautiful. Isn't that killer? (Aside to Jerry) I thought I was getting the butler.
george: No, he said there was nothing he could do, and next time I should probably break the Prozacs in half.
george: I bet they're probably doing summersaults about us over there. You think they get butler stories like that everyday? (He calls Susan)
george: Hi, it's me. It's Georgie Boy. What's going on?
george: Fired? Why?
george: But I had no... I didn't realize.
george: I just feel terrible This is just terrible.
george: (Hangs up phone and pauses) this is great! He fired her! This is incredible, he fired her. I'm out, baby! I'm out!
george: Because I kissed her in the meeting. Russell found out, he fired her over the phone. Finally, my stupidity pays off!
george: What?
george: Another job?
george: Oh, this is unbelievable. I'm stuck. Every time I think I'm out, they pull me back in.
george: What do I do? Well actually, I'm a writer. In fact, I'm writing a comedy pilot for NBC right now.
george: (Slowly shakes his head) My mother caught me.
george: You know. (All three give him blank stares) I was alone..
george: (Nods) Uh-huh.
george: (Not really wanting to embellish) ..I stopped by the house to drop the car off, and I went inside for a few minutes.. Nobody was there - they're supposed to be working. (Jerry and Elaine look at each other - enjoying the story) My mother had a Glamour magazine, I started leafing through it..
george: ..So, one thing lead to another..
"george: First she screams, ""George, what are you doing?! My God!"" And it looked like she was gonna faint - she started clutching the wall, trying to hang onto it."
george: I didn't know whether to try and keep her from falling, or zip up.
george: I zipped up!
george: Yeah. (Noticing this makes him out to be the bad kid, he gets defensive) Well, I couldn't run over there the way I was!
"george: So, she fell, and then she started screaming, ""My back! My back!"" So, I picked her up and took her to the hospital."
george: (Somewhat angered) She's in traction.
george: It's not funny, Elaine.
"george: Her back went out. She's gotta be there for a couple of days. All she said on the way over in the car was, ""Why, George, why?!"".. I said, ""Because it's there!"""
george: (Vowing) Well, I'll tell you this, though - I am never doing.. that , again.
george: (Definite) All together.
george: You don't think I can?
george: (Daring) You think you could?
george: Care to make it interesting?
george: A hundred dollars.
george: Alright, look, you want to be in?
george: You gotta give us odds. At least two to one - you gotta put up two-hundred dollars.
george: Alright, you're in for one-fifty.
george: Alright, now, how are we gonna monitor this thing?
george: (Stern) No, ma, I'm not gonna see a psychiatrist. N- I don't care if you do pay for it! No! Discussion over. Yeah, alright, I'll see you later. Yes, of course I'm gonna come by. Alright. (Hangs up, slamming it down on the coffee table. He sits down next to Jerry) My mother wants me to see a psychiatrist now. Why?! Because she caught me? (Scoffs, shaking his head) You know, if everyone who did that had to go see a psychiatrist.. (Laughing, he snorts)
george: (Defensively) Whatever.
george: (Shrugging it off) She'll be fine. I gotta go to the hospital to see her tonight.
george: Hey, what are you doing tonight?
george: Oh, the virgin?
george: Any, uh.. progress, there? What's the latest?
george: (In awe) Wow!
george: (Suggesting) Maybe she's a nudist. You know, those nudist colony people..
george: I would imagine it's all naked.
george: (Still focused on the nudist) They're naked, the gardeners naked.. the bellhops. (Jerry makes a noise of astonishment) One big nude-a-rama.
george: (Also, over his shoulder) Not me.
george: Have a good time.
george: You're out?!
george: (Stern, trying to shut her up) Ma.
george: Ma, people can hear you.
george: (Getting up) Alright, Ma, that's enough!
george: No! I am not going to see a psychiatrist!
george: (Like a kid) Because I don't want to.
george: Well, I am not going.
george: (Snapping) Is that important, really? What is this, a police investigation? The woman's been through enough. She has to relive the experience now?!
george: (Slowly backing away, he's not at all committed to the conversation) Yeah.. television.
george: Every night at six-thirty. The nurse was gorgeous.. then I got a look at the patient.. (Laughs, then snorts) I was going nuts.
george: (Fake sympathy) Well, my mother, Jerry..
george: (Arms out) I am king of the county. You?
"george: ""Quite a workout""? What did you say?"
george: Of course I'm back. Why wouldn't I be back? My mother's in the hospital, I'm going to pay her a visit.
george: You're my mother! What wouldn't I do for you?
george: (Smiling) You got it, Ma. (She smiles back, nodding) A little later. (George sits back in a nearby chair, looking at the divider in anticipation)
george: Well, wait a little while, Ma. What's the difference?
george: (Standing up) I just got here, Ma! I'd like to spend a little time with you.
george: Ten minutes! Here, here, (Fishes a box of Tic-Tacs out of his coat pocket and tosses them to her) Have some Tic-Tacs.
george: (Muttering, slow) Hang on, Ma.. hang on..
george: All you got is instant coffee? Why don't you get some real coffee?
george: Where did you get those socks?
george: I think those are my socks!
george: I don't know, but those are my socks! I had a pair just like that with the blue stripe, and now I don't have them anymore!
george: Yeah, well, they're my socks!
george: Oh boy..
george: ..Oh boy.
george: Do you believe this? We're fighting. We're fighting.
george: Me too. I've been yelling at strangers on the street.
george: (Shocked) You caved?!
george: You're out?
george: I figured you'd cruise. At least through the Spring.
george: And then, (Smacks the money) there were two.
george: (To Elaine) Hey, what happened?
george: I thought you were meeting Kennedy.
george: Yeah, he did.
george: No, no, no. He just left.
george: Yeah, he was talking to Marla.
george: Yeah, I think, you know, she was, like, crying, and he was consoling her, and then, she, uh, just got into his car, and they just drove away.
george: Yeah.
george: Yeah, drove away.. You know, I said 'Hello' to him. You know, he's - he's-
george: Kramer?!
george: Hey, thanks for coming with me.
george: I confused it with another awning.
george: We're perfect. I timed this out so we would pull up at the terminal *exactly* 17 minutes after their flight is supposed to land. That gives them just enough time to get off the plane, pick up their bags and be walking *out* of the terminal as we roll up. I tell you, it's a thing of beauty. I can not express to you the feeling I get from a perfect airport pickup. (starts looking around) What's going on? What are you doing? The Long Island Expressway? What are you getting on the Long Island Expressway for? Do you know what the traffic will be like? This is a suicide mission!
george: Oh, I had it perfectly timed out the Grand Central, the Van Wyck! You destroyed my whole timing!
george: Do you know what happens if I miss him? I don't get credit for the pickup and I lose my 50 bucks...
george: Really?
george: The Duty Free Shop? Duty Free is the biggest sucker deal in retail. Do you know how much duty is?
"george: Yeah, ""duty"". Do you know how much duty is?"
george: Duty is *nothing*. It's like sales tax...
george: I like to stop at the duty free shop.
george: They're not here! You cost me fifty bucks!
george: Look, we're wasting our time here! We're a half-hour late, they've probably took it off the board already.
george: Canceled? Do I still get credit for the pick up? I was here!
george: No... What guy?
george: Listen, you go over to the ticket counter, I'm going to go stop in the gift shop and pick up a copy of Time magazine. There's supposed to ba blurb about Jerry in it and I think he mentioned my name!
george: Gee, I'm sorry... I got here first.
george: You don't understand, there's a *blurb* about me in this magazine!
george: Umm... No.
george: But you are Blanche... You *are* in the shackles. Oh, I can't wait to read my *Time* magazine! Laaaast copy, too. Maybe I'll read it tomorrow-- in the park! It's supposed to be a beeyootiful day! Have a nice life... sentence, that is!
george: Laguardia? All right, let's go. C'mon...
george: My name is not mentioned in this blurb...
george: Who's Grossbard?
george: Hey Kramer, c'mon-- it was 240 bucks twenty years ago...
george: No-no-no, Kramer. Kramer! Kramer! You *cannot* abandon people in the middle of an airport pickup! It's a binding social contract. We... we must go forward... not back.
george: Well, You're not gonna believe it...
george: The plane's been re-routed *back* to Kennedy. We've got 45 minutes.
george: There it is. Gate 46... We got plenty of time.
george: How you gonna catch him? He's probably boarded the plane already.
george: My credit card?
george: I'm not gonna give you my card unless you tell me what it's for!
george: What, are you, nuts? You're gonna spend more on the ticket than you're gonna get back from Grossbard.
george: This is a *great* idea! Here... use this one. I get frequent flyer miles with every purchase... Wait! Get two tickets. As long as your turning it in for a refund what's the difference? I'll get *double* the bonus miles.
george: Super Savers? Are they refundable!?
george: You bought non-refundable tickets, you idiot!
george: Do you know how much this is going to cost me?
george: Look, I'm gonna go to the bathroom...
george: (can't be heard but looks like) Kramer!
george: I loved her Jerry, I loved her.
george: And she loved me. Hoo, ho, she really did.
george: What am I going to do now? I can't live without Susan. I gotta get her back. How? How, am I gonna get her back?
george: Who says?
george: Ah, ...A beautiful successful intelligent woman's in love with me and I throw it all away. uh oh boy. Now I'll spend the rest of my life living alone. I'll sit in my disgusting little apartment watching basketball games, eating Chinese take out. Walking around with no underwear. Because I'm too lazy to do a laundry.
george: Yeah, what do you do when you run out of laundry?
george: Who am I going to meet who is better than her? No one, Jerry. No one's better than her.
george: I loved her!
george: I would give anything to be going up those stairs again.
george: I gotta call her. Should I call her?
george: Whyie?
george: I'm not going to see that nut doctor she went to Europe with.
george: She any good?
george: Wa, uh, ...
george: My Darling Susan! My DARLING!!!
george: My little man doesn't know.
george: My little man's an idiot.
george: She kept such a nice clean apartment. She was so sanitary.
george: She made a big breakfast every Sunday. I don't know what she put in those eggs.
george: (singing) Oh hey, if you happen to see the most beautiful girl who walked out on me. Tell her I'm sorry. Tell her I need my baby ... oh won't you tell her ... I love her. Oh hey, ...
george: Well hello. Um, ah, specifically the reason that I'm here, uh, I don't know uh what Elaine told you but uh I broke up with my girlfriend a couple of weeks ago. Actually she broke up with me [struggling with his coat zipper] and uh, well, I was the cause of it and uh, I just wanted to find out from you ... What's with this thing?
george: Yeah, and, ... Why won't this go down?
george: What is with this damn zipper?
george: It's stuck on a piece of cloth here. I can't get the cloth out.
george: This is a brand new jacket. Boy this really burns me up, ...
george: ... Susan.
george: UH, ha ha, ... It's just SO frustrating. It's a brand new jacket.
george: Pull it up a little bit.
george: Yeah, okey, wait wait. That will separate.
george: Take it right off the chest...
george: You're gonna rip it. You're gonna rip it.
george: Okay. Uh, my mother is is going to pay for the sessions. ... Oh,Elaine?
george: (stares at card)
george: Was it a scratch or a pick?
george: Hey. It's me.
george: Was there any nostril penetration?
george: So let's say in her mind she witnessed a pick. Okay, so then what?
george: I guarantee you that Moses was a picker. You wander throughh the desert for forty years with that dry air. ... You telling me you're not going to have occasion to clean house a little bit.
george: No. That's disgusting!
george: Hey. How come I didn't get a Christmas card? Everybody else got one. Jerry got one, Kramer got one. I thought we were good friends. I don't get a Christmas card. I don't get it.
george: Why don't you call her agency. Maybe she's been out of town and she didn't get the calls.
george: It'll be different this time.
george: I'm not stable? I'm like a rock. I take these glasses off, you can't tell the difference between me and a rock. I put these glasses on a rock. You know what jumps into most people's minds? Costanza!
george: I change I change. Two weeks ago I tried a soft boiled egg. Never liked it before. Now I'm dunkin a piece of toast in there and I'm loving it.
george: And I am not a piece of toast.
george: That's okay. That's good. You think Louie Pasteur and his wife had anything in common? He was in the fields all day with the cows, you know with the milk, examining the milk, delving into milk, consummed with milk. Pasteurization, Homogenization, She was in the kitchen killing cockroaches with a boot on each hand.
george: Because. There was a lot of cake lying around the house. Just sitting there going with all the excess milk from all the experiments [grins]
george: Yes! Yes. You know. She didn't know about Pasteurization. He didn't know anout Fumigation. But they made it work!
george: She comes out of the bathroom, I'm in up to my wrist. You should have seen the look on her face.
george: Your buttocks are spectacular.
george: Excuse me, do you have a ticket?
george: Okay. Good.
george: Well, if it's as good as ``Ponce de Leon'', I'll be happy.
george: ``Ponce de Leon''? But that was great!
george: Lemme tell you sum'in. When Ponce looked in that mirror and saw that he hadn't changed, and that tear started to roll down his cheek? ... I lost it.
george: You're not going to get back here in time!
george: I'm in line to buy.
george: No it's not, it's the ticket-<buyers> line.
george: Is this the ticket holders line, or the buyers?
george: But I asked you before if you had a ticket, and you said no!
george: [furious] Good. It's good to be accurate like that.
george: It's the same movie! What's the difference?
george: Hey, you know what else is playing here? ``Rochelle Rochelle''.
george: I wouldn't mind seein' <that>.
george: So what's your point?
george: By the way, you owe me seven fifty.
george: No, I don't have any change.
george: Or, I could take the twenty, then I could pay *you* later.
george: Might be easier.
george: [trying to act as if he doesn't care one way or the other, but we know better] Either way.
george: So... Can I have it?
george: Whaddya mean, you'll ``get'' the popcorn and the soda?
george: I tell you what, you give me the twenty, and I will buy *you* a popcorn and soda, and I'll throw in a bon-bons.
george: You go in and save seats.
george: Well, why don't *you* go, and I could save the seats. You said you didn't like saving anyway.
george: Why don't you give me the twenty, and I'll stop and get change, and then you and I can... uh... you-know, settle.
george: Psh. What's the point of even discussing it? [condescendingly takes her hand and pats it] You'll give me the money when you have it. [takes two steps, then reconsiders, then re-reconsiders] I, I trust you.
george: Um, excuse me, have you see a guy with like a horse face, big teeth, and a, and a pointed nose?
george: Yeah.
george: Uh, I just went out, I went to look for my friend?
george: [as if the word were totally foreign] My `stub'?
george: You don't remember me?
george: I went in with a pretty woman? You know, kinda short, big wall o' hair, face like a frying pan?
george: [whispering] Elaine? [loud whisper] Elaine! [louder whisper] Elaine!
george: [quite out loud, not even pretending to whisper] Elaine!
george: We've just been through this! You don't remember? We just had this exact same conversation a minute ago!
george: [realizing the only way out is to show the stub] I've got the stub.
george: There you go, okay? That's my *other* friend's ticket. You happy now? You got two tickets.
george: Jerry?
george: Elaine?
george: [studying his jacket] Oh man! Look at this! I sat in gum. Oh, by the way, you owe me seven fifty.
george: I still paid for it!
george: You uh owe me for the ticket.
george: So you're a lawyer. What kind of cases do you handle?
george: What is that, immigrants come over, you show them how to act natural?
george: No, they're not funny at all. No, I have no funny friends. I'm the funny one. El Clowno.
george: Oh, ok. Thank you. It was good talking to you.
george: Yeah.
george: You would not believe what just happened. I was waiting for you and this woman was sitting at the counter.
george: Yeah, yeah, and we started talking, and she's this lawyer who's incredible! Everything I said was funny! You know, she laughed at everything I said, she thinks I'm hilarious. You know in a way, it was almost too good. I started so good, I can't go any place but down now, ya know? I got no place to go.
george: You see, this is what I do with women. I start out too strong, now I have to become real, that's when it all falls apart. What good is real? They don't want real, they want funny.
george: Ooooh, yes they do.
george: Ya gotta put on a show, ya always gotta give them a big show. You always have to be 'on' otherwise why would they like me? They'd just go for a better looking guy with more money.
george: You mean that's true, I'm right?!
george: Who's he?
george: What mail?
george: Why didn't Kramer pick it up?
george: Oh yeah, right. When's he coming back?
george: Kramer goes to a fantasy camp. His whole life is a fantasy camp. People should plunk down two-thousand dollars to live like him for a week. Do nothing, fall ass-backwards into money, mooch food off your neighbors and have sex without dating; that's a fantasy camp.
george: No, no I don't think so.
george: Well I think I'm better off going one-on-one.
george: She might not be comfortable.
george: No! No. It's not good, I don't think so.
george: (tasting the wine) Excellent. Like I really know what I'm talking about.
george: Toasting makes me uncomfortable. But toast, I love. Never start the day without a good piece of toast. In fact, let's toast to toast.
george: What are you doing here? I thought you said you hated Isabella's?
george: What happened to the auto show?
george: Cheryl, Elaine, and uh, Jerry.
george: Oh no no no, they don't want to join us.
george: (as the others are repositioning the tables) No, no, you can't do that, they're round, it makes an 'eight' and, yeah, well alright.
george: No! No.
george: (interrupting) You know we should really order, the service is so slow here, by the time you get anything...
george: This is not good. This is not good.
george: I just don't think it's such a great idea for you to sit here.
george: What?
george: No, of course not.
george: Maybe you don't have to be so funny. I mean, would it kill you not to be so funny all the time? That's all I'm asking. This woman thinks I'm very funny. Now you're gonna be funny, so what am I gonna be? I'm gonna be a short bald guy with glasses who suddenly doesn't seem so funny.
george: You don't?
george: It's funny! (To Elaine) and it wouldn't kill you to not be so funny either.
george: Hi.
george: Funny guy, huh?
george: No, and you weren't funny last night either. In fact, you got us both so depressed, she asked me to drive her home after dinner.
george: What do you need her for? There's a million lawyers.
george: Alright, alright, but no funny business, same deal as last night.
george: Jerry, please?
george: Till I'm comfortable.
george: After consummation.
george: Jerry?
george: You think the person you were talking to is him? That's not even close to him. He's funny, Jerry's funny.
george: He can't not be funny.
george: Dark and disturbed? His whole life revolves around Superman and cereal. I convinced him to act like that so that you would think I was funnier. That's how disturbed I am! If you want disturbed, that's disturbed. You can't find sickness like that anywhere, you think sickness like that grows on trees? Nobody is sicker than me, nobody. He's pretending, I'm the genuine article.
george: Yes! And I put him up to it, because I'm sick! I'm the one that needs help.
george: Well, should I call you later?
george: But, but I'm disturbed! I'm depressed! I'm inadequate! I got it all!!
george: It's George.
george: She didn't help him?
george: Where is he?
george: Oh boy.
george: Well, last night she told me that she liked you. Not you, the disturbed you, so I had to tell her the truth.
george: What do you mean, I got? You didn't give him his Visa application.
george: I mean, how funny is this?
george: I mean, we're not stupid, right? We know when something's funny!
george: Okay. Hey, you know what, maybe I should give it to my therapist to read. She's smart, I trust her.
george: Hey, you know, we haven't brought the Elaine character into the show yet. Umm, We should try and get her into this scene.
george: Right
george: I don't even know what they think. That's why I'm in therapy.
george: Alright, forget Elaine.
george: Hey.
george: Yeah, I feel like I've grown.
george: Great. (They both stand.) Oh, by the way, did you get a chance to read the script?
george: You didn't like it?
george: I can't believe this! What was wrong with it? What didn't you like about it?
george: It wasn't funny? What, are you kidding?
george: You didn't find it funny?! This is what I'm paying for?
george: Let me tell you who did, uh, buy it...um we pitched this story to Russell Dalrymple, the president of NBC, and he ate it up with a spoon.
"george: How's this for criticism? Um...you stink. How do like that criticism? You know what's funny to me? That diploma up on the wall. That is my idea of ""com-med-dee""! You sitting here, telling people what to do."
george: Oh, I'm goin' baby. I'm goin.' (Heads for the door, then stops.) It's Jerry's fault. He took out all my good lines. He's such a control freak!
george: Oh, she didn't think it was funny. What is she, Rowan & Martin? We're supposed to meet with NBC tomorrow! She completely shattered my confidence. And I'm paying for this, she's my employee!
"george: And she slaves to earn every penny. So that someday, I might be able to walk up to a woman and say, ""Yes, I'm bald, but I'm still a good person."""
george: No they don't. I tried that once. I snubbed for a year. Nothing. Every woman I saw, I snubbed. You never saw people so pleased. (Elaine returns from the bathroom.)
george: My cousin worked for Bouchard's. They used to use the bouilla-base for a toilet. (Jerry and Russell are shocked.)
george: Well, you didn't hear it from me, but needless to say, if you go in there - stick with the consumee.
george: Aw, that's a fun age. (Jerry looks at George distastefully.)
george: Would you like a Pepto-Bismol? I keep them in my wallet...! (Russell goes into the bathroom and shuts the door.) (To Jerry) Do you think he liked it? (From the bathroom, we hear Russell violently heaving his guts.)
george: Pasta primavera.
george: No!
george: So, you were saying how, um...about the script...
george: More jokes?
george: A different name for the butler? (Russell throws up again.)
george: We haven't heard his notes yet, we don't know how he feels about our work. (Russell throws up yet again.)
george: Hi.
george: George.
george: He just read it. (Russell vomits again. Jerry and George look ashamed.)
george: So, you live with your mother, huh?
george: Of course, I'm the result of my parents having stayed together, so you never know. (Russell comes out of the bathroom.)
george: You know, suddenly I'm in the mood for pasta primavera myself. (Jerry nudges George to sneak a peek at Molly's cleavage as she bends over and looks in her backpack. Jerry has a quick look, but George stares, hypnotized. Russell comes up behind George.)
george: Well, it's not my fault. You poked me!
george: It's cleavage. I couldn't look away. What am I, waiting to win an Oscar here? This is all I have in my life.
george: All right. So, he caught me in a cleavage peek, so big deal. Who wouldn't look at his daughter's cleavage? She's got nice cleavage.
george: That's why I peeked. (Jerry opens the door to take some trash out, and meets Kramer and Gail in the hallway.)
george: Pasta primavera?
george: He poked me!
george: Alright, what's the difference. What are we gonna do now? He won't take our calls, we can't get into his office...
george: Hey, now you're onto something.
george: Yeah. Well, maybe not Elaine.
george: But...somebody like Gail, though.
george: Beautiful.
george: Never mind!
george: Look who's here!
george: Didn't hear anything...
george: Oh...uh, because if it had anything at all to do with what you perceived as me leering at your daughter, I really have to take issue with that. I did not leer. (To Jerry) Did I leer?
george: Because, if I'm looking straight ahead, and something enters my field of vision, that's merely a happenstance. (Elaine loudly snaps and unfolds her napkin at the next table to get Russell's attention.)
george: This pasta primavera is fabulous.
george: Great.
george: Well, it's a funny idea.
george: C'mon, funny is funny.
george: Yeah. Where's he taking you, by the way?
george: Because of me? You must be joking! Who wouldn't want to live because of me? I'm nothing!
george: You can do better than me. You could throw a dart out the window and hit someone better than me. I'm no good!
george: I'm bad. I'm *bad*!
george: So what could I do? I couldn't go through with it. She threatened to kill herself.
george: Yes. Why, is that so inconceivable?
"george: I got two tickets to see ""Guys And Dolls""."
george: What paper does she write for?
george: Lyndon Johnson was uglier than Degaulle.
george: So, whaddya say? You know you'll always be the only man I'll ever love.
george: [quietly] C'mon, go along...
george: I guess that leaves me in the clear...
george: I just thought of a great name for myself, if I ever become a porno actor.
george: Yeah, how did you know that?
george: Allison bought it for me.
george: I dunno. I guess I have to wait for her to die.
george: Jerry did you wash this pear?
george: It looks like it hasn't been washed.
george: You hear the way he talks to me?
george: Let me ask you something. What do you think of this shirt?
george: Jerry said he didn't like it.
george: No, you said you didn't like it...
george: Yeah. Actually it was in gym class. I was trying to climb the ropes and Jerry was spotting me. I kept slipping and burning my thighs and then finally I slipped and fell on Jerry's head. We've been close ever since.
george: No, I got my own place.
george: My parents? They don't know *what's* goin' on...
george: No, of course not...
george: Absolutely...
george: My *father* is gay...
george: Look, you wanna have sex right now? Do want to have sex with me right now? Let's go! C'mon, let's go baby! C'mon!
george: No!
george: Hey.
george: So, what did she say?
george: Y'know... I could hear you on the other line...
"george: I heard what you said ""Sharon, are you there?""."
george: Yes, I heard you!
george: Maybe she wasn't! Maybe she heard the whole conversation!
"george: ""There may be a problem with the phone, hold on""!"
"george: ""The phone's a piece of junk, goodbye""!"
george: Now she thinks we're gay, not that there's anything wrong with it...
george: Y'know there are tribes in Indonesia where if you keep your coat on in somebody's house, the families go to war!
george: Not at all.
"george: Two tickets to ""Guys And Dolls""! I'm gonna go with you!"
"george: It's ""Guys And *Dolls*"", not ""Guys And *Guys*""."
george: Now everyone's going to think we're gay!
george: No, not at all...
george: Hello?
george: Mrs. Seinfeld?!?
george: Oh, my God! My *MOTHER*!!!
george: It's *not* *true*!
george: Yeah. I'm Buck Naked.
george: Of course not...
george: Alright, now the play is tomorrow night. So do you want to have dinner first, or do you just want to meet at the theatre?
george: No. Just imagine her reaction.
george: Oh, my God...
george: She hasn't seen the article! When she sees it, she's gonna think-- *I'm out baby*!! I'm out!!!!!
george: Yeah so??
george: Don't you see what it says here? Don't you understand what that's implying?
george: I'm gay! I'm a gay man! I'm very, very gay.
george: Extraordinarily gay. Steeped in gayness.
george: You don't believe me? Ask Jerry.
george: What do you mean you will? That's a bad idea. Jerry is a very private person.
george: Jerry! Oh, my God! What are you doing!?!
george: You're with a *woman*!
george: I leave you alone for two seconds, and this is what you do! I trusted you!
george: Alright, tell her. Go ahead.
george: Y'know. About *us*.
george: Alright, I'll tell you the truth. I'm not gay. My name's Buck Naked, I'm a porno actor.
george: Oh, what's the point? When I like them, they don't like me, when they like me, I don't like them. Why can't I act with the ones I like the same way I do with the ones I don't like?
george: Maybe I need someone who doesn't speak English.
george: A mute would be good.
george: This is what my life has come to... Tryin to meet a mute.
george: I dunno, Jerry somethin's missing. There's a void, Jerry, there's a void...
george: There's gotta be more to life than this. What gives you pleasure?
george: Start what?
george: *Really*.
george: Volunteer work, huh?
george: When did you get this idea?
george: And... and anybody can do this?
george: Helping people... Of course. Of course! It makes perfect sense! How could I *not* be doing this!? I am gonna help somebody, Dammit!
george: What *kind* of a person are you?
george: Well, I feel better already. I'm feelin' like a good person.
george: Hey, what's your guy's name again?
george: Ben Cantwell. 85. Huh... You think we'll make it to that age?
george: Let me ask you something. What do you do for a living, Newman?
george: Aren't those the guys that always go crazy and come back with a gun and shoot everybody?
george: Y'know the average life span for an American male is like, 72. You're really... kinda pushin' the envelope there.
george: You don't? Boy, I think about it a lot. I think about it at my age. Imagine how much I'll be thinkin' about it at your age. All I'll do is keep thinkin' about it until it drives me insane...
george: Grateful? How can you be grateful when you're *so* close to the end? When you know that any second-- Poof! Bamm-O! It can all be over. I mean you're not stupid, you can read the handwriting on the wall. It's a matter of simple arithmetic, for Gods sake...
george: What are you talking about? How can you sit there and look me in the eye and tell that me you're not worried?! Don't you have any *sense*?!! Don't you have a brain!? Are you so completely senile that you don't know what you're talkin about Anymore!!?!
george: Wait a second, where are you going?
george: Wait a minute, please--
george: But Mr. Cantwell, you... you owe me for the soup...
george: I don't think it's gonna work out...
george: He fired me.
george: I dunno. I was just talking to the man and he walked out on me!
george: Yeah, I'm a great quitter. It's one of the few things I do well. I come form a long line of quitters. My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter... I was raised to give up.
george: Senegal?
george: So you don't speak *any* English at all?
george: You don't speak *any* English?
george: I would like to dip my bald head in oil and rub it all over your body. [No reaction] You don't understand! It's a miracle! You don't understand because you don't speak English!
george: I thought I saw something fly over here...
george: Can I ask you a question? Would you mind switching seats?
george: I'll shout.
george: C'mon, c'mon...(stands up and physically rolls Betsy to the left side of the couch.) See, now, is that so bad?
george: They'll call back.
george: In the whole world right now, there's maybe three emergencies. Why would you think, on this entire planet, that you're one of those three?
george: Alright, maybe four.
george: I know what the problem is - I like her too much. That's why I can't make a move.
george: I'm not her boyfriend. I want to be her boyfriend.
george: That's funny. You're a funny guy.
george: Why, you think I should?
george: I'm the consolation guy...?
george: It's in Detroit though, it's an expensive flight.
george: What?
george: Really?
george: You don't think you can buy the ticket yourself...? No, there, there...you sit, and I'll purchase the ticket for you.
george: I understand you offer a 50%-off 'bereavement' fare...?
george: The death certificate?
george: What kind of a sick person would do a thing like that?
george: You want my friend to ask his uncle, a man who just lost his wife of 44 years, for a death certificate so that he can save a few bucks on a flight?
george: Well, I'm the boyfriend. Otherwise, what's the point of being the boyfriend? This is where you have to be when you're the boyfriend.
george: Oh, no, no, no...you sit right here...I will get you a nice snack.
george: Oh - comfort, schmomfort. Listen, Father, can I ask you a question? In a terrible time like this...who would I get the death certificate from?
george: Well, Dr, Allenwood, uh...I was hoping to compile an - admittedly, rudimentary - scrapbook of her life. Something that Betsy could have, and hold onto.
george: Oh, that would be wonderful.
george: Likewise.
george: What?
george: Excuse me?
"george: ""Double-dipped""? What are you talking about?"
george: So...?
george: Well, I'm sorry, Timmy...but I don't dip that way. (takes a chip.)
george: No. (dips the chip) You dip the way you want to dip...(bites the chip) I'll dip the way I want to dip. (dips the chip again.)
george: Well, you see, what happened was...the doctor - the very same doctor that was attending to my late aunt - suffered an untimely stroke, and lost the use of his right hand, so...obviously I was unable to get the death certificate. However, I do have this. (Reaches inside his coat and takes out a Polaroid photo.)
george: That's a picture of me next to the coffin.
george: Not even close, huh?
george: You met her at the supermarket? How did you do that?
george: (laughs-hu) So when're you gonna see her?
george: What's her name?
george: How could you not know her name?
george: Oh my God, I forgot to tell you. I got a letter today from the State Controller's Office. Y'know when I was going to public school back in Brooklyn, every week I used to put fifty cents in the Lincoln Savings Bank.
george: Yeah, You remember the, the little eh, bank book, there?
george: Alright, so I haven't put anything in it since sixth grade, I completely forgot about it. The State Controller's Office tracks me down. The interest has accumulated to 1,900 dollars. 1,900 dollars! They're sending me a cheque!
george: Hu-Yeah, interest. It's an amazing thing. You make money without doing anything...
george: Really? Who?
george: Maybe I'll go down to the track. Put it all on a horse...
george: The *bank*? This is *found* money. I want to *parlay* it. I wanna make a big score!
george: What's with the gloves?
george: Huh. What, the whole apartment?
george: Yeah.
"george: No, I saw ""Home Alone II""."
george: Well I was lost, I never saw the first one. By the way, you mind if I watch it here?
george: Because if I watch it at my apartment I feel like I'm not doing anything. If I watch it here, I'm out of the house; I'm doing something.
george: Yeah. The *original*.
george: Ttu (wipes nose and sniffs) Ttu.
george: Hi...
george: No... (takes off his glasses and wipes his eyes with his sleeve)
george: The old man got to me.
george: Oh Shut up! What are you doing back so soon, anyway? (puts the tape back in it's case.)
george: Oh. How's the guy?
george: Hnh. That's nerve...
"george: Y'know what it is? It's ""Clara Nightingale Syndrome."" He falls ill; she falls in love."
george: What'd I say? Clara?
george: Clara Barton? What did she do?
george: Susan B. Anthony** I think I'd have a problem with.
george: So, you gonna buy his art?
george: Yeah, that's what I want-- triangles. Alright, I'm outta here. Have fun with what's-her-name.
george: Y'know, now you gotta ask her her name. It's so embarrassing.
george: Yeah? How?
"george: Now let's try ""breast""... Celeste... Kest..."
george: Rest... Sest... Hest...
george: What, you should've just asked her.
george: What're you gonna do now?
george: Aretha! (points finger at Jerry)
george: Bovary! (points finger again at Jerry)
george: Alright, well you know what'cha gotta do, you gotta go through her purse. Y'know, the-the credit cards, driver's license...
george: When she goes to the bathroom.
george: What kind of operation is it?
george: Isn't that where they remove the--
george: Mulva! (again pointing finger at Jerry -- Kramer watches the exchange back and forth)
"george: What do you mean ""into the patient""?"
george: Into the hole?
george: Didn't they notice it?
george: How could they not notice it?!?
george: W-ca-What did they do?
george: They *left* the Junior Mint *in* him?
george: I-I guess it can't hurt him... People eat *pounds* of those things.
george: It's that bleak? (pours a glass of milk)
george: Y'know if the guy dies, the art could really be worth something...
george: Hey Elaine? Put me down for some of that art. 1,900 dollars worth.
george: Oh, Hi, I'm George. (they shake hands)
"george: Yeahaha, I gave it a shot (pats Jerry on the arm)... So, any word on the ""artiste""? (puts a video in the VCR)"
george: Hehe. Well, I got my triangles. (sitting on the couch)
george: Yup, y'know, they really spruce up the apartment.
george: No-no Jerry. I wouldn't do that.
george: Ehh, You could get in trouble.
george: Who are you to play God!? Every man's time comes! If his number is up, who are you to interfere!?
george: W-What? What?
george: He didn't get better, did he?
george: Where's the luck? There's no luck. 1,900 dollars down the drain.
george: Oh, well th-that's great. It's really great. Hm hm mm.
george: Yes I look forward to many years of... looking at the triangles. Well, I'll ah, I'll wait for you outside.
george: Yeah.
george: Thanks Roy.
george: This'll only take a second.
george: [to himself] Hey, whatd'ya know? Look at that! A *lesbian* sighting. Oh-ho! My lucky day. They're *so* fascinating. Why is that? Because they don't want us. You gotta respect that...
george: [to himself] Oh, my God! It's Susan! What do I do?
george: [to himself] Argh! [to Susan] Susan! Hi! Oh, boy! What are you doing here?!
george: Oh, ... some stupid movie...
george: Oh, hi...
george: Yes. Well...
george: Yeah. Yes! I just haven't seen you in a long time.
george: Oh, *please*! Me? C'mon! That's *great*! Are you kidding? I think thats fan*tastic*! I've always encouraged experimentation! I'm the first guy in the pool! Who do you think you're talking to?
george: Of course you do... It's just, uh, y'know, I-I never *knew*, uh, that, uh...
george: There you go.
george: So, uh, how long has this been going on?
george: Ssssso, after me, you... went that way?
george: Oh, I think that's fantastic. Good for you. Nice. That's very nice.
george: Oh, I, uh--
george: It's a foreign movie... a *film*, is what it is, actually.
george: No, no, no... Just a *tiny* bit... It's not even *frontal* nudity. It's... *sidal* nudity...
george: Oh, that's me.
george: Yes, good to see you, too. And Good luck with, uh... with the whole thing, there.
george: [embarrassed pause] ``Rochelle, Rochelle''.
george: $3.49? It says $1.49.
george: What! There's no signs here! This is an outrage!
george: I'm not giving you the satisfaction. I'm gonna watch it again...
george: What is that? B.O.?
george: This is *unbelievable* B.O.
george: So, let me ask you. Do you think I could have done this?
george: No, no, I mean, driving Susan to lesbianism.
george: What if her experience with me *drove* her to it?
"george: The woman she's ""lesbianing"" with? Susan told me she's *never* been with a guy."
george: Oh, this isn't even B.O.! This is *beyond* B.O.! It's *B*.B.O.!
george: Y'know, the funny thing is, somehow I find her more appealing now... It's like if I knew she was a lesbian when we went out, I never would've broken up with her.
george: Stinks.
george: Oh, it's the chicken and the egg...
george: Forget about smelling the car. Smell the valet. Go to the source...
george: Listen, I gotta ask you I was a little concerned that perhaps I was responsible in some way for your, uh... metamorphosis.
george: What $98.00?
george: How could that piece of *crap* cost $98.00!?
george: So, was it me?
george: Oh, thanks. Thanks a lot. I'll pay you back.
george: Listen. Let me ask you something. If you and Mona were ever to... dance, how do you decide who leads? I mean... do you take turns? Do you discuss it beforehand? How does that work?
george: Why? That's a *legitimate* sociological question.
george: It's not me! It's the car!
george: How could it still smell after all that?
george: Well, what are you gonna do?
george: You're *selling* the car!?
george: Maybe I'll buy it.
george: He stole your girlfriend?
george: Amazing. I drive them to lesbianism, he brings 'em back.
george: I know what you're going through. Women. Who knows what they want?
george: Listen. You're beautiful. You're intelligent. You'll meet other girls...
george: Yes, I know so. You happen to be a very eligible lesbian.
george: Hey, I know what I'm talking about. I gotta be honest with you, I gotta tell ya... Ever since I saw you holding hands with that woman, I can't get you out of my mind.
george: Yeah, you're just so... hip.
george: Oh, my God...
george: It's Allison. I dated her right after you. She's obsessed with me.
george: Allison! Hi! Oh, my God! How are you?
george: Right. I don't have it on me. Allison, this is Susan. Susan, Allison.
george: Hey, is it my imagination, or do really good looking women walk a lot faster than everybody else?
george: No seriously...
george: The better looking they are, the faster they go! I mean, I see they out there on the street, they're zooming around, like a blur. Like they have a motor on their ass.
george: I gotta buy a present now?
george: It never ends, this present stuff! Engagement present! Then they get married, you gonna have to get them something for that! Then the baby, there's another present. Then the baby starts getting their presents. I don't even like Drake.
george: Hate the Drake.
george: Who's the Drake?
george: I haven't even met the fiancee! Whatever! (Leaves for washroom)
george: No, no, no. Out of the question. I was over there today. He's got the good spot in front of the good building in the good neighbourhood. I know he's not gonna wanna move.
george: You don't know what that spot means to him. Once he gets it, he doesn't go out for weeks.
george: Good thinking!
george: I like this area. I could live out here.
george: Look at this. There's no spaces here. (to another car) Excuse me, are you gettin' out?
george: You think?
george: I don't want to walk that far.
"george: Look, we're not gonna be that long anyway... we have to get to the ""party""!"
george: He's right! It's the same thing with the femenists. You know, they want everything to be equal, everything! But when the check comes, where are they?
george: Yeah! Alright, I'm pulling in.
george: Oh, come on, it's five minutes.
george: What did I get the veggie burger for? You got a veggie burger, so I had to get the veggie burger, I'm allover crums...
george: How are we gonna get out of here? They'll kill us!
george: Screw the Drake!
george: Can't leave the car here!
george: It's my father's car!
george: What are we gonna do? How are we gonna get out of here?
george: What I don't get is, just because the battery is dead, you think she'd be able to roll up the hill with her hands!
george: I mean, batteries have gone dead before, aren't they prepared for that?
george: Must be one of those rich, spoiled handicapped people, who didn't want to do any work, and just wanted to sit in her wheelchair and take it easy.
george: Well, I'm sorry!
george: How are we gonna get out of here? We need a plan!
george: That's good, we'll give it a try...
george: Dad, that other car cut us off! They had swastikas all over it... They were hurling racial epiphates at us... I could have been killed!
george: I'm uh... writing a pilot for NBC...
george: Well, Jerry's car gets hit and the other driver doesn't have any insurance, so the judge
george: Nah, he didn't have anything to do with it...
george: It's me.
george: What?
george: A wheelchair? What for?
george: Doesn't she have collision?
george: Well, my father works for the United Volunteers, maybe he can get her one.
george: What about these two? Aren't they gonna chip in?
george: Can't we just fix the old one?
george: Alright, alright! We'll buy her a wheelchair! Wheelchairs, engagement presents.. IT NEVER ENDS!
george: How much?
george: Do you have something a little more... less expensive?
george: Like what?
george: How much?
george: Hey.
george: Why?
george: What do you mean? The engagement is off, we get the TV back. That's business.
george: She can't take it. It's not hers, it's theirs. Once there's no theirs there's no hers, it should be ours.
george: (upset) I *told* you the Drake was bad! I hate the Drake!
george: Maybe we should call her.
george: Really?
george: I could see that...
george: How could anybody be so selfish and inconsiderate!
george: You mean a blessing in disguise?
george: Parking in a handicap spot. Right in the middle of his United Volunteers meeting. When he got back, he chased after me with a baseball bat.
george: Between the car getting totalled, the towing charge and the fine, there's no way I can ever pay him back...
george: I agreed to become his butler.
george: The woman we bought the wheelchair for?
george: ...you're very attractive...
george: Boy, even I never heard that one...
george: Well, we just blew 240 bucks on a wheelchair.
george: Well, it was slightly used...
george: What!?
george: Sons of bitches!
george: Big screen TV?
george: Hi, we're from the United Volunteers, we've come to pick up the TV.
george: Who's got the receipt?
george: Will they give us cash?
george: I hate this mall, there are never any spaces here...
george: What if there is a fire?
george: Why are two pretending to be laughing?
george: Oh, real good. (George makes a face like you stink) Any word from NBC?
george: I don't understand. They're supposed to be casting this week. Something's wrong. Maybe they're not doing it.
george: Out of the question.
george: (to Jerry) How could we not hear anything? What's with this Russel? What's he doing? (Jerry raises his arms and shoulders like he doesn't know)
george: He's getting phone calls here now? (he's standing near the counter and eating chips out of a big bag)
george: What? I'm comfortable.
george: What if the pilot gets picked up and it becomes a series?
george: Yeah, that's exactly what I'm worried about. God would never let me be successful. He'd kill me first. He'd never let me be happy.
george: I do for the bad things.
george: What?
george: (gets up and picks a mirror) Yes. Yes, it's white. Why it's white.
george: Better get that checked out?
george: What kind of a therapist are you? I'm telling I'm scared that something terrible is gonna happen to me, right away you start looking for tumors?
george: What are you like a sadist? No matter how bad somebody feels, you can make 'em feel worse. I bet you're rooting for a tumor. (pointing to her)
george: Oh I'm going baby! I'm going! (he leaves)
george: Right here. (showing his lip)
george: (to the cab driver) Excuse me, do you see anything on my lip here?
george: Oh, my God.
george: (to Jerry) It's all white Jerry! It's all white!
george: Again with the checked out. I'm not going to the doctor. If I don't to the doctor, then nothing will happen to me. If I go he might find something.
george: Catch what in time?
george: You think it's something?
george: (to Jay) What do you think it is?
george: Yeah. So what's going on? We're gonna shoot the pilot and then it's gonna be on TV the following week?
george: (thinking) This guy's perfect.
george: No, not a loser!
george: Thank you! Thank you very much. (Jerry and Melissa stop and look at George)
george: Very nice
george: Very nice Tom, that was terrific.
george: Sure. Thank you for coming in. (Tom eats some raisins)
george: Yeah. Really.
george: Take care. Take it easy. (Tom leaves with the casting director)
george: What happened to the raisins?
george: Did he just steal the raisins?
george: You see, It's right here. It's all white...
george: You've never seen this before?
george: (dramatically) A what?
george: A biopsy?
george: Cancer? Is it cancer? Do I have cancer?
george: A biopsy!
george: He said he didn't know what it was.
"george: When I asked him if it was cancer, he didn't give me a ""get outta here"". That's what I wanted to hear ""Cancer? Get outta here?"""
"george: How could you be a doctor and not say ""get outta here""? It should be part of the training at medical school ""Cancer? Get outta here!"" ""Go home! What are you crazy? It's a little test. It's nothing. You're a real nut. You know that?"" (Jerry gives him half of his sandwich to hopefully shut him up) I told you that God would never let me be successful. I never should've written that pilot. Now the show will be a big hit, we'll make millions of dollars, and I'll be dead. Dead Jerry. Because of this. (showing his lip)"
george: No I can't. I can't die with dignity. I have no dignity. I want to be the one person who doesn't die with dignity. I live my whole life in shame. Why should I die with dignity?
george: You got mugged?
george: Elaine.
george: (to Jerry) Have you seen the waitresses in there lately? I never had so much coffee in my life.
george: Apply for a job? What for?
george: It's a coincidence.
george: (to the guy next to him) This guy stinks. (speaking of Michael)
"george: Uh, excuse me. (stopping them from rehearsing) Excuse me. (he walks to the guy's in charge of yelling ""take #!"") This--This is not right. May I? (the guy looks at George with a bothered face. George then walks up to Tom and takes him away from Jerry and Michael to talk to him in private)(to Tom) You see, you're going ""They fooled *me* Jerry!"" (George shakes his head with disapproval) You wanna hit 'fooled' more ""They *fooled* me Jerry!"". You see the difference?"
george: Just a suggestion. (chuckles and walks back to the yelling guy)
george: (very casual and raising his hand in the air) Yep. That's five!
george: Why is that?
george: Oh, you're fine... you're fine. (looking at Tom in the back and then quieter to Jerry) So you think this guy playing Kramer took the raisins?
george: Yeah, it's bizarre. (they both look around them suspiciously)
george: Remember when you came to audition for us?
george: There was a box of raisins on the coffee table. Did you, by any chance, take them with you when left?
george: Well we were all eating the raisins. And I remember you--you were eating some of the raisins. And then you left, and the raisins were gone. And I was just wondering if, you know (chuckles), maybe you took them with you.
george: Oh, no, no--
george: No you wouldn't. Nobody would. It's just that... they were missing, and... well I'm just inquiring. (chuckles nervously)
george: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. All right. I don't think we're gonna have any problem with that. (chuckles nervously) Good talking to you Tom. Really.
george: The doc called and said the lab's backed up and now I'm not gonna get the results for another two days.
george: What do you mean?
george: Come on you're... uh... you're fine.
george: What about me? I was a total failure. Everything was fine. Now this thing's gonna be a success and God's gonna give me a terminal disease.
george: The guy playing Kramer threatened me.
george: 'cause I asked him about the raisins.
george: Oh yeah.
george: I don't know.
george: That's what I'm trying to find out.
george: Yes it is.
george: This is George Costanza, I'm calling for my test results. Negative? Oh, my God. WHY! WHY! WHY? What? What? Negative is good? Oh, yes of course! How stupid of me. Thank you. Thank you very much. (he hangs up)
george: (he walks casually to Tom, and taps his arm) Listen. I know we've had our problems in the past, but we got a show to do tonight. Time to pull together as a team. Life's too short. I say, let's let bygones be bygones. If you took the raisins, if you didn't take the raisins-- They weren't even my raisins. I was just curious because it seems like a strange to do to walk into a room, audition, and to walk out with a box of raisins. Anyway, whatever. If you ever want to tell me about it, the door to my office is always opened. In the event that I get an office. You'll come in, we'll talk about the raisins. We'll have a nice laugh.
george: Sic semper tyrannis? What is that, Latin?
george: Really? What does it mean?
george: I can see that.
george: Yeah, me too.
"george: You went for the big ""E""."
george: Shh! This is it!
george: You hurt me.
george: Do you really think so?
george: And God didn't kill me.
george: It was you!
george: Yes it is! You're very charming!
george: Well, well, well.
george: You must be very proud Mr. Visaki. (shaking his hand) And may I say sir they're lovely girls, absolutely lovely girls. It's nice to see such fine upstanding women in gainful employment, Mr. Visaki.
george: A table right here.
george: Peggy! (they all sit) His daughter Peggy. Peggy's coming over to serve.
george: Ah! Peggy. Good to see you.
george: Thank you very much. (Peggy leaves the menus and walks away) So guess what I got do tomorrow?
george: Start looking for a job.
george: Are you crazy? You take your life in your hands with those nuts.
george: Karen.
george: Great.
george: I think so.
george: I can't tell anymore.
george: Feel? What's that?
george: Yeah.
george: Cleaning
george: Yeah.
george: Yeah, yeah.
george: Tub is love?
george: Hah.
george: Yep. There's one liiiittle problem.
george: Yeeeaaah. (Jerry and George lean in to make their conversation a little more private) Well..... I've never really felt confident in uh..... one particular aspect.
george: Yeah.
george: I-I don't know. Last time I got the tap.
george: You know, you're going along, you think everything's all right and all of a sudden you get that tap. (George taps his own shoulder). You know it's like pfffff (whistling sound), all right that's enough, you're through.
george: It's like the manager coming out and asking you for the ball.
george: No, no, this wasn't moving on. I got the hook. I wish I could get a lesson in that.
george: You can go crazy trying to figure that place out.
george: Anyway, I think everything else is okay. Unless of course she's faking.
george: Nothing.
george: Nobody's faking.
george: She's not faking!
george: I know. I can tell. It's one of my powers. Why, did you ever fake?
george: You faked?
george: I think I'll have a piece of cake.
george: We got a chocolate malt in here!
george: I'm sure you are.
george: Maybe Karen is faking.
george: (thinking of the moans) Heh. (Karen takes another puff of her cigarette) You seem like you really enjoyed your Risotto. (chuckles) You have a very contented air over there. (chuckles again) You look very contented, very satisfied. (pauses) Are you satisfied?
george: I-I'm sure if you weren't satisfied you would probably say something wouldn't you?
george: Hey listen... umm, instead of the movie... uh, maybe we'll go back and uh you know...(nudges her head with his head)
george: So... uh you feel okay about that whole thing... what we do in there... you're generally okay with everything in there?
george: Do you uh feel the way you feel after the Risotto?
george: Yeah...(scratching his head) full.
george: It's Jerry's fault.
george: Jerry and Elaine. They made me nuts.
george: So you feel okay?
george: It's all your fault! You and Elaine! All that orgasm talk. She did have an orgasm, she didn't have an orgasm. Orgasm this, orgasm that. I got so focused on it. I started to panic and boom, I lost it. I tried everything, I was talking to him 'Please wake up, do something.'
george: I hate him!
george: It's like a magic trick. Sometimes I think it would be easier to bend a spoon mentally than to make that transformation.
george: Hey, was that a joke about Houdini?
george: Well if Houdini couldn't do it, what chance do I have?
george: All right, where do you want it?
george: All right I gotta get going.
george: I got a date with Karen. I don't know what I'm gonna do. Nothing happening down there.
george: I knew this was gonna happen some day. It was inevitable. I've known it ever since I was a little kid. I've been waiting for it.
george: That reminds me, I'm not getting you guys any more fruit. That guy was eyeballing me the whole time. He gave me the creeps. All right, you owe me twenty-eight sixty.
george: You see... All right I knew it.
george: I don't want any mango.
george: Very good. Juicy.
george: Ripe. Boy, this Joe's got some terrific fruit.
george: I feel like I got a B12 shot. This is like a taste explosion!
george: I think it moved. Oh my god, I think it moved. Yeah, give me the big piece. I'll see you later.
george: I'm back, baby, I'm back!
george: Please, it's not necessary.
george: The little extra moan you threw in there. Laying it on a bit thick, don't you think?
george: What am I talking about? Come on. (laughing) You don't think I bought all that? (does a little move)
george: You're very good. Very good with the moanings and the gyrations. Y-You really had me going there for a minute.
george: Come on 'Oh George, oh Geeeooorge!' Come on! Not that I don't appreciate the effort that was put into it.
george: What?
george: But why?
george: I-I-I can't find my glasses.
george: I need to look for my glasses.
george: I can't believe this.
george: How can I do this? How can I move back in with those people? Please, tell me. They're insane. You know that.
george: How can you compare you parents to my parents?!
george: My father wears his sneakers in the pool! Sneakers!
george: (Showing Jerry up) Listen carefully. My mother has never laughed. Ever. Not a giggle, not a chuckle, not a tee-hee.. never went 'Ha!'
george: Maybe!.. And I'm moving back in there!
george: No, no, no, no. Borrowing money from a friend is like having sex. It just completely changes the relationship.
george: I don't want to! I'm outta money! I got 714 dollars left in the bank.
george: (Sarcastic) Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna move in with him. He doesn't even let you use the toilet!
george: (Sincerely) Thank you.. I, uh.. that might not work out.
george: (Annoyed) There's more.
george: Bologna?! No one eats bologna anymore!
george: (Muttering) No, that's it.
george: (Runs over to him, not wanting him to leave) What? You're going?
george: Wha - what are you doing later?
george: Really?
george: Yeah.. may - maybe I'll meet ya?
george: (Mutters) Oh.. okay.. talk to you later.
george: Oh, my God.. (Buries his face into his hands)
george: (Studying the salt shaker) I'm not taking a civil service test.
george: Yes, I've seen a silver dollar.
george: To do what?! Work in a post office? Is that what you want me to do?
george: I'm a college graduate. You want me to be a mailman?
george: I don't know. I do know that I have some kind of a talent - something to offer. I just don't know what it is yet!
george: (Looks fed up with his parents) Oh my God..
george: (Needing to get away from his parents, he gets up) I need some air..
george: (Walks off) I got a lot of thinking to do.
george: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm terribly sorry.. (Bends down, and starts picking up her things)
george: (Stuttering) I, I, I, .. here, let me - let me help you..
george: It - it's just that I'm here with my parents, and my mother wants me to take a civil service test - and to tell you the truth, I don't even think I'd pass it.. So..
george: What?
george: What about them?
george: They are?
george: Hand modeling? (Shakes his head 'No')
george: Me neither!
george: I don't know.
george: This woman just set me up for a job!
george: What, are you kidding? (Points at the flaws of Jerry's hands) The knuckles are all out of proportion. you got hair over there - where do you get off comparing your hands to my hands?! This is a one-in-a-million hand. (Points to his own hand)
george: This is it! It happened to me, Jerry! I was sitting in the restaurant, the two nut jobs were talking - I couldn't take it any more. I got up, and (Makes a noise) I bop into this woman..
george: OH!!!! What are you, crazy?! Are you, crazy?!
george: You coulda damaged my hand!
george: (Defensively) You can look at them, but do NOT touch them. (Holds them out)
george: (Takes two oven mitts from his back pack) Alright, (puts them on) I gotta get going.
george: (Embarrassed) That's all I could find. (A moment passes) Would you mind getting the door?
george: Thank you very much. (Walks out)
george: (Snaps, then points to the coffee table) Hand me an Emory board.
george: (To Estelle) Scissor. (She gets the scissors from the coffee table and hands them to George with the point facing him) Don't hand them to me with the point facing out!
george: You're sorry?!
george: (Stern, angered) I hope so. (Takes the scissors)
george: Alright! Please, please! I cannot have this constant bickering!.. Stress is very damaging to the epidermis! Now, I have an important photo session in the morning - my hands have got to be in tip-top shape, so please - keep the television down, and the conversation to a minimum.
george: (Definite) I'll take it in my room. (Walks off)
george: Who was he?
george: (Hands still out, even though they've stopped looking at them) What happened to him?
george: You mean, uh..?
george: (Makes a gesture saying he understands. The man nods) But how.. uh..?
george: (Smiling to himself) You don't have to worry about me. (Nodding, gloating) I won a contest.
george: Like that?
george: That's it?
george: (Modest) Oh, thank you very much. (Chuckles)
george: (Quick, excited talking) Hey, hey! You can't believe this. Look at this check! (Hands it to Jerry) They told me I had the most beautiful hands they'd ever seen in their lives - except for this McKigney guy - this great looking girl gave me her phone number.. I got it! I got it all! I'm busting. Jerry, I'm busting!
george: Alright. (Holds them up)
george: (Turning back to Jerry, he takes the check back. He just now notices the shirt Jerry's wearing, and snickers, pointing) Nice shirt.. (Laughs, Jerry shrugs) What is this? Is this what you wore on the show?
george: What, have you completely lost your mind?
george: Who's dressing you? (Laughs) You look like a complete idiot! You know, I wouldn't wipe my- (Unable to take anymore, Leslie gets up and shoves George violently. His hands go straight for the hot iron sitting on the dressing room table. George screams out in agony) AAHHHH!!!!! (his voice is heard outside the building, on the street, and in the park were a bunch of pigeons are scared by the yelling)
george: Ow! Hot! Hot!
george: (Reflecting on his life gone wrong) This McKigney guy had a few good years.. (To Kramer, bitter) How could you forget to turn off an iron?
"george: My whole life is ruined because of the (Mocking, bitter tone) ""puffy shirt""."
george: I gotta get out of this city.
george: I'm at the health club and while I'm in the pool, some guy walks off with my glasses. Who steals prescription glasses?
george: I broke 'em playing basketball.
george: Now if I wanna see anything I gotta wear these.
george: When I find that guy, this much I vow those glasses will be returned to their rightful owner.
george: What kind of a sick, demented person wants another person's glasses?
george: Yeah, come on.
george: Really?
george: Wow. Uh, what do I have to do?
george: That's it?
george: What about these?
george: Well, it's a tough decision. I have to wear these every day. I'm deciding on a new face.
george: Yes, they are bold. Jerry, what do you think?
george: Can you believe that guy?
george: He just walked away! And once again I'm standing here like a little man. Well not this time! (George leaves the store and follows the dog owner) You! Dog man!
george: Uuh, no, no.
george: (In a really strange way) Good, good, do that.
george: Oh, no, nothing.
george: I can't tell you.
george: I can't tell you, don't ask.
george: I saw Amy making out with your cousin Jeffrey.
george: They were right outside!
george: Yes!
george: Yes, positive.
george: I know! I was squinting.
george: (To the store owner) Excuse me, what do you think of these?
george: Yes, it is exciting! All right, this is gonna be my new face.
george: Yeah. (George hands over the prescription) Kramer...
george: Kramer...
george: You do know Kramer?
george: Well, I'm mentioning his name.
george: Because... you know...
george: Hey, I saw what I saw.
george: What side?
george: Ooh, so what?
george: Why don't you just ask Jeffrey?
george: There must be some way to find out.
george: What, you're gonna take her word over mine? I'm your best friend!
george: I was squinting! Remember that drive from Wortsborough? (snapping his fingers) I was spotting those raccoons.
george: (noticing something) Hey look, a dime.
george: Heh, Mercury head. You mind?
george: Did you get the shot?
george: You got bit by a strange dog and you didn't get a rabies shot?
george: Pardon me, I went to see your friend Dwayne... there was no discount.
george: That's right, no discount!
george: Yes, I mentioned your name.
george: Pbbbs, Bubkis!
george: All right, let me just... I'm gonna grap an apple.
george: Yes it is.
george: I saw them making out, you can believe it.
george: (crying from the onion) You'll see I'm right.
george: Elaine, don't interrupt, they're discounting something.
george: I did!
george: Well Elaine was supposed to help me.
george: That's it? You don't have to screw it in or anything?
george: Oh yeah, when are you gonna execute that plan?
george: Madam? What are you calling me madam for?
george: He sold me ladies' glasses!
george: Ah, Oh boy.
george: Oh uuh, sure, why not. (the blind man hangs on to George's arm) Hey, that's the guy.
george: The guy that stole my glasses. This time I got 'em! (George follows the man onto the street, dragging the blind man with him) Would you pick it up a little?
george: He's getting on a bus, damn! (To the blind man) Those are nice glasses.
george: Is that right?
george: Dwayne, my friend and I would like to exchange frames. Could you put his lenses in my frames and mine in his?
george: And I'd like a discount.
george: Listen, you're lucking I'm not asking for a whole refund. (trying to speak quietly) You gave me ladies' frames!
george: Yeah, well, she's trying to track you down.
george: No, that's Jerry.
george: Yeah, 5A!
george: Boy, these really do pinch the nose.
george: Oh my God it is them.
george: Yeah. Hmm. Boy these really do pinch. I tell you, if I ever find the son of a bitch that stole my glasses...
george: So, what's wrong with him?
george: Well, I'm sure you'll find something.
george: What are those?
george: Wow, just felt your material?
george: Sounds like a cool guy.
george: Jerry, where did you get that sweater?
george: I think that's what the back of closets are for.
george: Who's that?
george: I don't know how you can let this guy handle all your money.
george: Yes, I saw that.
george: He was definitely sniffing.
george: All right, I gotta get going. My parents are expecting me.
george: This is my ketchup. I bought this ketchup just so I could have as much as I want.
george: Next Friday, what time?
george: That's my whole afternoon! I was going to look for sneakers.
george: I know a little. Besides, what do you have to know?
george: Do we have to...?
george: They are made from lycra-spandex.
george: She doesn't want to get a bra.
george: All right, it wouldn't kill me.
george: Yea I-I know about the cups.
george: I know the D is the biggest. I've based my whole life on knowing that the D is the biggest.
george: I got it. Cups in the front, loops in the back. (puts the bra on the table)
george: Well, that interests me very much Mr. Farkus.Very much indeed, sir.
george: No, but um I have very good report with women, very good, comfortable. And from the first time I laid eyes on a brassieres, I was enthralled.
george: Well, I was 14 years old. I was in my friends bathroom. His mother's brassieres were hanging on the shower rod and I picked it up, studied it. I thought, I like this. I didn't know what way or what level, but I knew I wanted to be around brassieres.
george: Well, they're more than an underwear to me Mr. Farkus. Two cups in the front, two loops in the back. How do they do it?
george: Thank you Mr.Farkus, thank you very much indeed sir.
george: If you don't mind, sir. I'll be here at 8.
george: So long, Mr. Farkus.
george: Oh, nothing...
george: So what, what is so bad about that?
george: What about that spot I got?
george: You open the door to the car, boom, you walk right into the hospital. Eh, You can't beat that spot. (starts doing a little dance) I am on a roll. I'm just willing these great parking spots.
george: Maybe the baby would like to see my spot. A positive, uplifting message to start his life out with. Huh, You can still get a great space in this city - if you apply yourself.
george: You gotta look at this. I pulled it in perfectly equidistant from the car in front of me and the car behind me.
george: Kramer, what the hell are you talking about?
george: A pig-man?
george: (knocks on the window) Hey, why are all those people milling around my car?
george: Hey, there's a guy up the roof.
george: Oh well, I hope he doesn't jum...
george: My car! My caaaaarrrr!
george: Well I just got the estimate. It's going to cost more to fix that roof than the car's worth, So I'm going over to see that hospital administrator today. Someone is gonna pay for this damage and it's not gonna be me.
george: I know, swan dives from twenty floors up, lands right on top. What do I got a bulls eye up there? He couldn't move over two feet? Land on the sidewalk. It's city property.
"george: I tell you something. I wish there were pig-men. You get a few of these pig-men walking around suddenly I'm looking a whole lot better. Then if somebody wants to fix me up at least they could say, ""Hey he's no pig-man!"""
george: But Kramer, isn't it a question of hygiene?
george: Yeah. So how does that help me?
george: Yeah, my roommate in college.
george: (thinks for a second) I got used to it.
george: Alright the administrator's on the third floor. I'll meet you guys back at the car.
george: The pig-man can take the bus.
george: How do you know? What if pig-man had a two-seater?
george: I'll tell you what, if pig-man shows up, we'll squeeze him in. I'll see you later.
george: Well, I join them in their grief.
george: That's where I come in. Umm, on splat. Uh, you see, Mrs. Sweedler, or is it hospital administrator Sweedler?
george: Mrs. Sweedler thank you. Y-You see, this tragedy affected me in a very, very personal way.
george: Yes, well you see, the deceased landed on my car. The uh splat, as it were, actually occurred on the roof of my car. Now of course I can't help but feel that had it been a convertible this whole tragedy might have been averted but I've never been the kind of guy to buy a convertible, what with the baldness and everything.
george: Yes but then everything is all pulled down and it's jus.. Anyway. The damage, unfortunately, has marred an otherwise fine automobile, rendering it virtually undriveable.
george: Yes, a shame. That is exactly how I would put it. Now Mrs. Sweedler, with all due discretion and sensitivity, and taking in the whole scope of the situation, I just can't help but think that, the hospital is somehow responsible for compensating the other, still living 'victim' of horrendous, horrendous tragedy.
george: Yes.
george: Yes.
george: (PULLING OUT ESTIMATE OUT OF HIS POCKET) Well, profit. I think you'll see from the estimate that I'm not really profiting that much. They might be a little high, but..
george: Should I leave this..?
george: So uh... been to a bris before?
george: I've been to a few of em. If you uh start to get woozy later, which is quite common, stay close to me. I'll get you through it. (chuckles)
george: Oh.
george: (getting up out of his chair to get out of the Mohel's way) No, No.
george: Alright, alright!
george: It was very traumatic. The last thing I remember is you flinching. Then, everything went black.
george: Be careful, you're getting blood all over the car.
george: Hey look a that - boy are you lucky - another great spot - right in front of the hospital. In an emergency yet! How lucky are you huh? Is that unbelievable? How unbelievable is that huh? Come on, give it to me, give it to me.
george: I have never seen a Mohel like that.
george: Wha, where is he going?
"george: (ON PHONE) It's a '76 Chevy Impala. They stole it right in front of the hospital. I saw the guy drive off in it. Well he's about five feet tall, hairless, pink complexion.. (Elaine puts her finger on her nose) looks like a pig. Yeah, alright alright, thank you, thank you. (Kramer enters) So any word from the ""pig-man""?"
george: No. And he's not a pig-man is he?
george: Where's the sunblock?
george: 25? You don't have anything higher?
george: I need higher. This has paba in it, I need paba-free.
george: Yes, I have a problem with paba.
george: I know enough to stay away from it.
george: So are you going to Todd's party this weekend?
george: Gwen really wants to go.
george: No good?
george: Why'd you pick Hoover? Was he that interesting to talk to?
george: Yeah I guess. What can I do? I gotta take her with me. Todd introduced us, I'm obligated.
george: Who, the Croat? [the tennis player]
george: Yeah, she's a B.L.
george: Beautiful lineswoman. Alright listen uh I'm going to go to the concession stand and get some real sunblock. You want anything? Jerry? (Jerry is staring at the lineswoman) Jerry?
george: Boy you are really smitten.
george: Cold? How are you going to do that? You're not one of those guys.
george: They're not mocked and humiliated when they get to the other side.
george: Wait a minute Jerry, there's a bigger issue here. If you go through that wall and become one of those guys I'll be left here on this side. Take me with you.
george: What are you going to say?
"george: (laughing) You think you're going to the other side with ""Hi""? You're not going to make it."
george: I don't understand things were going so great. What happened? Something must have happened.
"george: You're giving me the ""it's not you, it's me"" routine? I invented ""it's not you, it's me"". Nobody tells me it's them not me, if it's anybody it's me."
george: You're *damn* right it's me.
george: I know what you were trying to do. Nobody does it better than me.
george: Yes well unfortunately you'll never get the chance to find out.
george: Yeah so did I.
"george: No. She tried to give me the ""it's not you, it's me"" routine."
george: Yeah. Well aparently word's out.
george: Really? At the tennis match?
george: Get out of here. I didn't see any cameras there.
george: Cracks? What were they saying?
george: Oh my god, maybe Gwen saw it. Maybe that's what did it.
george: She must have seen me eating it on TV.
george: Why not. I would be.
george: You're parents saw me on TV?
george: This is nighmare. Kramer how long was I on?
george: One-one-thousand, two-one-thousand, three-one-thousand.
george: Can we move on?
george: Yes I do.
george: Well I can't now, Gwen's going to be there.
"george: ""To the victor goes the spoils."" What are you going to do tonight?"
george: Oh. (he stands there)
george: Well I was just going to wander the streets. Don't wanna tag along with you or anything.
george: Jerry please, that's very nice, but, uh, (closes the door) where would we be going?
george: So, I've got ice cream all over my face. There were no napkins there. Whoever it was that's responsible for stocking that concession stand cost me a relationship.
george: They're breaking up? How do you know?
george: What are they saying now?
george: (Holding his drink up to his mouth) Oh my gosh, I just had a great idea. She could come to the party tomorrow and read Gwen's lips for me.
george: (Puts nuts into his mouth, and in the process covers his mouth) We bring her to the party, and she can tell me what Gwen is saying about me.
george: (Puts his hands on his face, rubbing his eyes) Look. It's a skill, just like juggling. She probably enjoys showing it off.
george: (Puts his arms in the air, stretching, and covers his mouth with an arm) Could you ask her, just ask her. If she says no, case closed.
"george: She confused ""six"" with ""sex""?"
"george: Well if she can't tell ""six"" from ""sex"" then how is she going to lip read from across the room?"
"george: It's two completely different sounds. ""ih"" and ""eh""."
george: It seems like a problem.
george: Oh, when is that car service coming?
george: If this lip reading thing works tonight do you know how incredible this is going to be? It's like having Superman for your friend.
george: If we could just harness this power and use it for our own personal gain, there'd be no stopping us.
george: What?
george: ah.
george: Hey hey.
george: Why? Did she say something to you about why she broke up with me?
george: Really?
george: I wouldn't hear of it, Todd. It's none of my business. But you should try to find out everything you possibly can. In fact, I'll even stay all the way on the other side of the room just so there's no chance of me overhearing anything.
george: Hey, grown-up. (they both chuckle, George notices Gwen enter the room) Oh my god, there she is. Go ahead, go ahead. (to the others) Let's go, let's go. All right what are they saying?
george: Wheret?
george: What?
george: Alright that's it. (George walks across the room over to them.) So you get rid of me and now the two of you are going to sleep together?
george: I heard your whole conversation.
george: (looks back to the group) I can read lips. You said let's sleep together.
george: Sweep?
george: Cut it.
george: Cut it.
george: Cut it. (goes back to the group) (Yelling) Would you stop signing?
"george: She said ""sweep together"" you idiots, not ""sleep together."""
george: Ow. My eye, my eye.
george: Fantastic!
george: Good.
george: Very good.
george: Ya-see, how could this not have any fat? It's too good.
george: (offers his) Oh, you want to taste mine.
george: Lo..k, if you want to taste mine, you don't have to offer me some of yours.
george: What do you mean?
george: No kidding?
george: Oh, god. Look who's here.
george: This guy from my old neighborhood. Lloyd Braun. He's a big advisor to Mayor Dinkins. He thinks he's so cool.
george: Hey-hay! Lloyd! Hey! My friend Jerry eh.
george: Yeah, there was a fire in my apartment.
george: Uh, uh, yeah. Actually, the, uh, I-I bumped my elbow on a desk and uh injured something an.. now it sort of moves involuntarily.
george: Oh, pretty good.
george: Yeah, this is my first time here. (nudges Jerry again)
george: Uh, Elaine, this is, uh, Lloyd.
george: Yeah! Yeah.
george: He's a jerk. (nudges to his right but no one is there)
george: All right. All right.
george: No.
george: What's for supper?
george: Hey, Lloyd. (Shakes hands with Lloyd) How's it going? (chuckles)
george: Oh, it's good.
george: Nothing.
george: Yeah.
george: Well, it comes and goes.
george: You know, Lloyd, I-I've been to the doctor (hands George the card) there's really nothing they can do.
george: All right. All right! I'll go.
george: Oh, uh, just a friend of mine.
george: Oh, you know, Lloyd, I really don't have it.
george: Yeah!
george: So, he made an appointment for me to see Dinkins' doctor. He's just trying to humiliate me.
george: And I have to go. If I don't go, he'll know I'm lying.
george: I don't care. Look, Lloyd doesn't know what he's up against. This is nothing to me. (moving his arm) My whole life is a lie.
george: Hey
george: Oh, don't tell me. Lloyd?
george: Oh, look, he's going to ask you about my arm. So, just tell him I banged it against a desk. And it's been moving involuntarily ever since.
george: Why not?
george: So, you're taking his side?
george: Already you're marrying this guy?
george: All right, believe me, you're not going to marry him.
george: Yeah, yeah. Big advisor.
george: The next morning, I woke up, and it was going like this. (moves his arm slowly) I can control it if I really concentrate. But otherwise, (arm moves) oh.
george: Please, doctor.
george: Yes.
george: Uh-huh.
george: Hmm. Really? Nothing?
george: Well, it's kind of a mystery, isn't it?
george: How so?
george: Faking? What makes you think that I have time to see doctors, take X-rays, make appointments, when there's absolutely nothing wrong with me? What kind of a person would do a thing like that?
george: Now, see here, doctor.
george: Fine. (hits his arm on the desk) Ow!
george: Name tags! Name tags! What kind of an idiot thinks anybody would be interested in an idea like that.
george: I banged it on the desk in the doctor's office. An (worriedly rubbing his arm) aaaa . . .
george: Phew!
george: Well a lot of people consider me small and prestigious.
george: I enjoy understanding.
george: I want you to have this job. Of course...
george: That's it.
george: He never finished the sentence. He got a call, that was the end of the interview.
"george: Maybe he was going to say ""Of course I have to check with my associates."""
george: All right.
george: Because he made a big deal about how I understand everything immediately. That's what impressed him.
george: And if I don't call...
george: Rest stop supply.
george: Hey
george: I had a job interview.
george: Good. Of course...
george: He massacred you.
george: You look like you're five years old.
george: You've got to start seeing someone else. Get out of this relationship.
george: Well, you gotta do it.
george: So I still haven't heard about that job.
george: I have an idea.
george: I show up.
george: I show up. I pretend I have the job. The guy's on vacation. If I have the job, it's fine. If I don't have the job, by the time he comes back, I'm ensconced.
george: What's the worst thing that could happen?
george: Yeah, so?
george: (to various people as he walks in) Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Hi nice to see you. How are you. Good morning. (to the secretary) Good morning.
george: The name's George Constanza. I'm starting work here today. I was wondering if you could tell me where my office is.
george: Thanks Mike. Nice to be aboard.
george: Oh, well, he was probably just getting anxious to start his vacation.
george: Oh leave Jack alone. Jack's got enough problems. I'll just take the small office.
george: Yes. I like to feel cozy. I have a very small apartment. I like to feel tucked in, nestled in. Love to be nestled.
george: Yes, yes of course. The Pensky file. Ho ho, can't wait to sink my teeth into that. Wow that Pensky. Well we'll straighten him out.
george: They gave me the Pensky file.
george: You know I'm enjoying it very much. I think my coworkers are really taking to me.
george: (continuing) I feel like a family. In fact, yesterday was Grace's birthday. She's such a sweet woman so, we had a little party, with cake and champagne. I made a toast.
george: He'll be back on Monday.
george: You know Elaine, I'd do it but I'm working that day.
george: Mr. Pensky? Of the Pensky file?
george: Mr. Pensky. I was just working on your file. I was transferring the contents of the file into this flexible accordion-style folder.
george: He's on vacation.
george: Well you know in college they used to call me the little bulldog.
george: Really?
george: Not now Florice.
george: I am aware. I am aware.
george: Mr. Tuttle, you're back.
george: You are?
george: Oh. Really.
george: Ah, here it is.
george: Well you missed a lovely little party that we had for Grace.
george: Well bear in mind that I am in the smaller office.
george: You are aware that Pensky is interested in me.
george: (chuckles) Really? Well, we'll just see about that. Ta-ta, Tut-tle.
george: Obviously.
"george: (George is telling a story. Karen is laughing and she seems to be the only one to find him funny) So I go into this clothing store and the saleswoman is wearing this (whistling) low cut thing. So I said to her ""Can I ask you a question? When you put on a top like that, what's your tought process? What's going on in your mind?"""
george: (to Jody) You're listening to this?
george: Well nothing. I didn't actually say that. (Karen is still laughing)
george: Sweetheart, I was exaggerating.
george: You know it's like you never see a really attractive woman getting a traffic ticket.
george: Well I've never met your sister but obviously these are not hard-and-fast rules. (to the waitress) Darling, the tea is getting a little cold sweetheart.
george: Jody let's do this agian real soon (he tends his arms for a hug but she avoids him)
george: So, what do you think?
george: Jody's nice.
george: You think she liked me? She seemed to like me.
george: I was personable. Don't you think I was personable?
george: I tought I picked up a little something. I'm very good at this. Did you pick up anything?
george: The second time I sent the noodles back, I tought she made a face...
george: I tought I saw a face.
george: No difference. I could care less. She's Jerry's girlfriend.
george: He he he he
george: So you think she likes me?
george: She stayed over?
george: The sex wasn't so good?
george: So?
george: Did you ask her?
george: Why not?
george: So we had a good time... the four of us.
george: We all got along. Everyone seemed very pleasant.
george: What did Jodi say?
george: Is that it?
george: Did she say anything about, uh...
george: Nah. It's all right. Great! She had a good time.
george: You just hesitated.
george: She didn't like me?
george: So she doesn't like me?
george: She said that?
george: She told you she doesn't like me!
george: What were her exact--
george: Uh-Huh (gulp) Why didn't she like me?
george: I tried to be nice. I wasn't nice?
george: I bent over backwards for that woman! Is it that thing I said about her sister?
george: I don't even know her sister but believe me, if she's getting traffic tickets, she's not that good-looking! Woah
george: You vomited in 1987.
george: Ha! Ha! Hey! (moving his arms like it's so great to be all here)
george: Here. Let me take your tabe downstairs for you.
george: Please give it to me. I love to help people. This is what I do. Come on. I'm going this way. (he takes the table from Jodi's hands and she has no choice but to follow him)
george: No one hails a cab like me. My hailing technique is unmatched. I get the wrist going from side to side and boom! Cabs are crashing into themselves to just pick me up. (a cab stops) All right, here we go. Let me get door. Feminists aside, I know women like the door holding. Here we are all righty. O.K. Jodi let's get together again real soon and say hello to your sister for me.
george: Whatever. Believe me, if I wasn't involved right now, I wouldn't mind being set up. Something tells me she's a knockout. (we see, from the camera inside the cab, George's hand waving as the cab drives away)
george: So I lugged that table. That big heavy massage table all the way down to the cab! You ever seen one of those things?
george: No, I don't know. Maybe you haven't. You know, not everybody's seen a massage table.
george: Anyway, I don't even get a thank you. I don't get it!
george: I wanna know what I did to this woman.
george: No, No! She's going out with a friend of mine. It's only courteous that we should try and like each other.
george: Yes! Yes! Everybody has to like me. I must be liked!
george: You know what? I should really go talk to her. Nothing confrontational. Just two adults sitting down trying to clear the air. You know, I just know if I could spend some time alone with her. I've got to. (he grabs his jacket) I've got to.
george: I think I can still catch her.
george: What? What are you talking about.
george: I know. I know.
george: (he thinks a little about it... and as he puts his hand on his knee and gets up) I'm sorry Karen. I know I care for you, but I just can't stand when someone doesn't like me. (he opens the door)
george: That I'm used to. (he leaves)
george: Jerry, could you excuse us for a few minutes, please?
george: We need to talk.
george: Look it's no secret what's going on between us. (to Jerry) She doesn't like me. Now Jerry if you don't mind.
george: (he makes a sign to Jodi to wait and turns to Jerry) Jerry... This woman hates me so much. I'm starting to like her.
george: She just dislikes me so much... It's irresistable.
george: A woman that hates me this much comes along once in a lifetime.
george: I got to go after her.
george: JODI! (he starts running after her)
george: Wha... you're going?
george: Wha? Did you use those? These are guest soaps! (he grabs the soaps and begins examining them for damage)
george: Now my parents are gonna know I had people over.
george: I can't have any parties while they're out of town. (he leaves to return the soaps)
george: (yells) Wow! Who put this cup right on the new table!
george: But you didn't use a coaster, Jerry, you left a stain! (he runs to kitchen)
george: (screaming) Aaahh!!
george: But Jerry, this is not coming out!
george: My parents don't read! They're gonna wonder what a book is doing on the table!
george: Wait, wait wait, not so fast. Jerry, you gotta take me to get this thing refinished.
george: Yes, now. It's gonna take a few days and my parents are gonna be back. I gotta have it back before them!
george: Alright, Jerry, I'm gonna get my coat.
george: Why?
george: Can't hurt you.
george: The Indian?
george: Alright, but no later, because my parents are coming back.
george: No, it's, it's his. (indicates Jerry)
george: Well, he is. I, uh, I live around the corner.
george: (sensing his chance) Well, they do now. Neighborhood's changing.
george: Well, we're collectors. We, uh, see objects of great beauty and, uh, we must have them.
george: (proffering glasses) I hope prune juice is alright. It's the only thing I had that was chilled.
george: I'm sorry about that lock on the liquor cabinet. The combination musta just flown outta my head. It's a mental block.
george: (bashful) No, that's me.
george: Yes, it is consistent. I've, uh, I've tried to maintain a consistent feel throughout the house.
george: The Ray Conniff Singers. (nervous chuckle)
george: It's a pot pourri. May I, uh, may I show you the master bedroom? (they leave together)
george: Looks pretty good.
george: Yeah. I don't think they'll be able to tell.
george: So, anyway, what's uh, what's the status with, uh...
george: Oh, great.
george: Aw c'mon.
george: (insincerely) Ahh, hey you're home. Hi.
george: Yeah, huh.
george: So, how was the trip?
george: What TV Guide?
george: I didn't know she took it!
george: (to Jerry) He collects them.
george: I don't know, uh...
george: Yes!
george: (pleading) Well, my bed is too small.
george: What are you talking about?
george: Of course you can.
george: (incredulous) You can't ground me, I'm a grown man.
george: Yeah.
george: Can I say one word to you? Lobster. The lobster here is unbelievable. (looks at the menu) Ooh, a little expensive.
george: Yes, well, you know, Im not thinking about the price. You know youre the only woman Ive never thought about the price. Get the lobster. I beg you to get the lobster. Go for the lobster.
george: We do?
george: Why?
george: Um, you know Im starting to think that maybe lobster isnt the way to go.
george: Its over.
george: Kramer.
george: Lobster.
george: She says we cant go out anymore.
george: Because Im not Latvian Orthodox. Her parents wont let her get involved with anyone who isnt Latvian Orthodox.
george: I know. This was the only woman I never lied to. Well thats not entirely true.
george: She knew I didnt have a job, she knew I lived at home. Didnt seem to bother her. I think I could have married this woman.
george: I cant. I met them. Theyre devout. You know, in the cab on the way over here, I actually thought about converting.
george: Why not? What do I care?
george: Really?
george: King Edward. (snapping his fingers) King Edward, Jerry.
george: You know what? I could probably do this. Whats the difference.
george: No. I wouldnt even have to tell her. I could surprise her.
george: How hard could it be? You make a little contribution, you have a ceremony. I am going to think about this. I am really going to think about this.
george: (ahem) In this age of uncertainty and confusion, a man begins to ask himself certain questions. How can one even begin to put into words something so um (trying to think of a word)
george: No.
"george: No not vast (he pronounces it as ""vost"")"
george: Yes.
george: (he thinks) I think the hats. The hat conveys that solemn religious look you want in a faith. Very pious.
george: Well perhaps, not to the extent that you are. But I know the basic plot. Yeah.
george: Yes. You know the uh flood, and the uh lepers, and the commandments and all that.
george: Oh yes I am Father. Incredibly sincere. So, uh, pffft, am I in?
george: Ah hah. You see Father, Im Im incredibly anxious to become a member. Um, dont you offer any kind of an express conversion? A quick change?
george: Nice nun.
george: I cant believe how easy it is. Im virtually Orthodox. All I have to do is read a few books, memorize a few prayers, and Im in the club.
george: Thats all there is to it. By Christmas day I will be Brother Costanza.
george: Brother Costanza will be taking the vow of silence.
george: Kramer, they like everybody. Theyre friendly people.
george: Story.
george: Yea, she likes you.
george: So?
george: Well how do you even know its hers? Maybe it belonged to Carol. Did you see a name on the tube?
george: Well take a look. It might not even belong to her.
george: People always leave old things in their medicine cabinet.
george: I still have brill cream.
george: What? Nothing.
george: Im fine.
george: Nothing.
george: No.
george: No!
george: I dont know. I cant believe theyre making me take this test.
george: What does it look like Im doing?
george: Oh, Im Im full of it Father.
george: Oh, I understand. (George exits; Sees Kramer in the hallway) Hey.
george: For a woman.
george: No its a regular religion.
george: I dont want to get out of it.
george: No no.
george: Yes faddah.
george: What?
george: I said faddah, I meant Father. Just a little bit nervous.
george: Well I didnt do it for my mother.
george: Latvia?
george: Enjoy, enjoy.
george: Id like a doggie bag for this please. (hands her plate to the waitress)
"george: ""step off""?"
"george: you said ""step off""? wow, that is too much hey..huh hey (George turns the cap his wearing backwards like Tony) Tony, I huh, I just had this brainstorm for us. Can you guess what it is?"
george: bowling! what do you say bowling? bowling's insane! bowling is crazy time
george: rush? you want a rush? drop a ball on your toe my friend, talk about a rush, you'll be throbbing, you'll see visions
george: all right! rock-climbing! J..just the 2 of us? alright! hey I'll make some sandwiches, what what do you like? tuna? peanut butter?
george: alright alright, I gotta buy some bread
george: me too, I am down, I am totally down, mark me down
george: uh.. maana? huh maana might.. huh maana might be a problem, I'm supposed to have huh a boil lanced maana. Huh you know I think they charge me if I cancel with only one maana's notice
george: uh Tony? there's not gonna be too many sandwiches
george: huh Kramer it's huh.. gonna be pretty dangerous up there
george: Oh no, I am down!
george: alright alright
george: yeah that's right. I like it. He's such a cool guy
george: he's the first cool guy I've ever been friends with in my whole life. You know.. it's a different world when you're with a cool guy, he's not afraid of anybody. You should hear the way he talks to waitresses.. he gets free pie!
george: hey nice move today
george: horning on my rock climbing trip. It's just supposed to be me and Tony
george: you put him on the spot
george: what?.. that's ridiculous!
george: you better be careful on those rocks tomorrow buddy. And you're not getting any sandwiches either
george: well I don't know if there's gonna be any place to eat up there
george: Hey Elaine, does Tony like peanut butter?
george: good thing I asked
george: please please I don't want to die up here. please, stop moving that's all I'm asking.. Kramer!!
george: what rock?
george: uh oh..
george: (sobbing) yodel lay hee hoo..
george: (sobbing) yodel lay hee hoo..
george: yeah
george: (taking it out of his jacket pocket) yeah I got some sandwiches.. I got tuna.. and salmon salad Tony because I know you don't like peanut butter
george: she's there, I can hear her
george: huh you tell her
"george: if you hadn't come, this whole thing wouldn't have happen (back on Jerry and Elaine's side, we can hear George saying ""I was the one who was invited"", Jerry opens the door)"
george: what are you doing here?
george: oh..
george: Kramer was supposed to tie a knot
george: Well, Tony.. took a bit of a tumble
george: he..he's alive
george: Well you see he slipped, and he landed on a kinda of a..
george: yeah.. the ambulance got there very quickly
george: we rode along all the way to the hospital
george: Hi Elaine
george: I just wanted to talk to Tony for a minute (hands Elaine some stuff)
"george: me? ""step off"""
george: but..why, it wasn't my fault, I .. you asked me a sandwich, I .. I make such delicious sandwiches Elaine
george: here Elaine here, Superman (hands a comic book to Elaine, who passes it to Tony) please, next time it will only be the two of us
george: oh Tony don't
george: I I just.. but..
george: yes?
george: What?
george: This week. My father got a deal from a friend of his. It's Gore-Tex. You know about Gore-Tex?
george: All right, all right. KNOCK IT OFF. Come on, let's go.
george: What for?
george: Why?
george: You mean just going there because I'm invited, that's rude?
george: So you're telling me instead of them being happy to see me, they're going to be upset because I didn't bring anything. Ttst --You see what I'm saying?
george: I don't even drink wine. I drink Pepsi.
george: Why not?
george: You telling me that wine is better than Pepsi? Huh (snort), no way wine is better than Pepsi.
george: I just don't like the idea that any time theres a dinner invitation there's this annoying little chore that goes along with it.
george: Hehehehehe (higher tone laugh, though still quietly )
george: Oh, yeah. You wish you had this coat.
george: Oh, here we go...
george: Why don't we get them a couch? (Kramer laughs) Well rent a U-haul -- well bring em a nice sectional.
george: Why don't you just get some Ring Dings from the liquor store?
george: Hey, Ring Dings are better than anything you're gonna get at a bakery.
"george: (to Kramer) It's a funeral procession. . . . (to Elaine) And I got news for you. I show up with Ring Dings and Pepsi, I become the biggest hit of the party. People be coming up to me, ""just between you and me I'm really excited about the Ring Dings and the Pepsi. What are we, Europeans with the Beaujolais and Chardonnay . . ."
george: Ah, Just double park.
george: Why not?
george: Are you kidding? People get spaces this good, they never give em up.
george: All right, I'll tell you what... why don't you go into the store and I'll wait in the car?
george: Because, I've got the coat. I can sit in the car and not get cold.
george: Does the heater even work in this car?
george: Oh, Hey, eh, there's a spot right in front of the liquor store. You see
george: You see, hu, ho ho.
george: Alright, what are we getting? It's hot in here!
george: What's that?
george: Twelve dollars? I knew we should have gone to the bakery. I guarantee you theyre not getting no twelve dollar cake.
george: . . . Why not?
"george: ""throws your hips off kilter"" So where's your money? (pulls out his wallet)"
george: So what do you do?
george: All right here you go.
george: You can't - huhu, All right let's go.
george: Are you crazy?! What are you doing?! You'll get us killed!
george: Don't go shouting we got a hundred dollar bill. People will be jumping out of windows on top of us.
george: I am not buying something just to get change.
george: All right, what are we doing?
george: Pack of gum. Here you go. (hands the clerk a $100 bill)
george: Why not?
george: Newspaper.
george: Clark Bar.
george: Were up to two dollars here.
george: I'm not getting a Penthouse Forum.
george: Oh, that's nice.
george: It's not real. They're all made up.
george: Well you know there is an unusual number of people in this country having sex with AMPUTEES! (grabs the forum from Kramer and walks over to the clerk) . . . Penthouse forum, newspaper, gum, Clark Bar.
george: Ah, great. All right, with the wine I'm in over twenty dollars now.
george: Yes, Im Sorry, it's a new coat. It-it's Gore-Tex.
george: All right we got the wine. Aren't we lucky? We got wine. Whoopee Whoa! Imagine if we didn't bring the wine. We'd be shunned by society. Outcasts! WHERE'S YOUR WINE? GET OUT!
george: L-Look at this?
george: Somebody double parked and blocked us in. D-DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHOSE CAR THAT IS? Maybe there's a note on it. Ohh-oh brother. No, no note. Can you believe this?
george: I really can not comprehend how stupid people could be sometimes. Can you comprehend it?
george: I mean we can put a man on the moon but we're still basically very stupid. The guy who's car this is? He could be one of the guys that built the rocket. You see what I'm saying?
george: So you really understand my point about building a rocket and double-parking.
george: Maybe it's not even stupidity. Maybe it's just a blatant disregard for basic human decency. Yeah this how dictator's start. Do you think Mussolini would circle the block six times looking for a spot?
george: Ill tell you, if I was running for office I would ask for the death penalty for double-parkers. If this is allowed to go on this is not a society. THIS IS ANARCHY!
george: No not really.
george: I know that's why I bought `em but they're not comfortable.
george: We are really late now. We're in big trouble. Big trouble.
george: You know -- Elaine.
george: . . . I'm a little scared of her.
george: Yes!
george: Did you ever see her lose her temper. I was once late cause I bought a Panama hat -- she grabbed it by the brim, pulled it down so hard my head came right through the top of it.
george: Why didn't you just wear a heavier coat?
george: Oh, Hey, hey, hey! That's great! That's very nice. You know we've been waiting twenty minutes for you people?! What do you think, you're Mussolini?!
george: I wasn't talking to you.
george: Do you think chickens have individual personalities?
george: If you had like five chickens could you tell them apart by just the way they acted? Or would they all just be walking around? Bak, bak, baak, bak? Cause if they have individual personalities Im not sure we should be eaten `em. What's the matter with you?
george: Oh, no no no -- We bought the wine here before, but now, you know we're bl-blocked in by some car double parked and we're just waiting for the guy to pull out.
george: But my friend here has hypothermia.
george: You know that coat was Gore-Tex. Its worth a hell of a lot more than that, cheap Chardonnay.
george: I'm cold too. At least you've got a coat. Let's get in the car.
george: Oh, my god that's Saddam Hussein. The dictator.
george: S-s-somebody double parked, we couldn't help it. It might have been Saddam Hussein, we're not really sure. He eh, had a British accent though.
george: What, what happened to you?
george: I had to give it to the liquor store guy.
george: I spilled some Chardonnay. So, what did you get?
george: Cinnamon? Why didn't cha get chocolate?
george: And your wine.
george: You can't handle the truth! (he salutes) (imitating Jack Nicholson [a.k.a. Col. Nathan R. Jessep], from the 1992 movie A Few Good Men)
george: (still in Jacks voice) I'm working on my Jack Nicholson, You can't handle the truth! (he salutes)
george: Yeah, I grabbed it on the way out, I don't want my mother reading it.
george: Yeah.
george: No, anything.
george: She'll open!
george: Yes.
george: I was curious! (imitating his moms voice)
george: Maybe I can get her locked up.
george: Hey, did you see that whale thing on TV last night?
george: I am such a Huge whale fan. These marine biologists were showin' how they communicate with each other with these squeaks and squeals, what a fish!
george: Whatever. (George looks to the table) Hey new tape recorder?
george: Hey.
george: I do.
george: I'm just sayin' I wanna have some fun.
george: Come on. Ya wanna go get some lunch?
george: Yeah, I'm gonna get a paper.
george: Keep your head down.
george: Diane DeConn? You saw Diane DeConn!
george: Ahh! How'd she look?
george: Ahh! (closes his eyes and rolling his head back) Umh!
george: She asked about me? What did- What did she say?
"george: George! She said George? She remembered my name. (loudly -- to a passing waitress and the rest of the restaurant) Diane DeConn remembered my name. She was the ""it"" girl!"
george: (pauses for a few seconds) OK, I'm tellin' you right now - if your kiddin' around I'm not gonna be able to be your friend anymore. I'm serious about that. You got that.
george: Good. Cause if this is a lie, if this is a joke, if this is your idea of some cute little game we're finished!
george: Oh my god he's not kidding. (exhale gasp)
george: A what?
george: (pauses) A marine biologist?
george: Why am I a marine biologist?
george: But I'm not a marine biologist!
george: So?
george: I didn't even know it was a job.
george: Well what if she calls me? What am I supposed to say?! (hand hits the table)
george: Algae, obviously plankton, hmhm. I don't know what else I could tell ya, ah, Oh I-I just got back from a trip to the Galapagos Islands, I was living with the turtles.
george: I dont know whatcha had to tell her that for. You put me in a very difficult position, Marine Biologist! I'm very uncomfortable with this whole thing.
george: Well it's not up my alley! It's one thing if I make it up. I know what I'm doin, I know my alleys! You got me in the Galapagos Islands livin' with the turtles, I don't know where the hell I am.
george: Look, why couldn't you make me an architect? You know I always wanted to pretend that I was an architect. Well I-I'm supposed to see her tomorrow, I-I-I'm gonna tell her what's goin on. I mean maybe she just likes me for me.
george: How'd she find it?
george: Then of course with evolution, the octopus lost the nostrils and took on the more familiar look that we know today.
george: Yeah, but if you still look closely you can see ah, a little bump where the nose use to be. huhuhuhu.
george: But enough about fish, huhuhu. I can discuss other things you know, ah architecture. Huhu. (makes a wide gesture with his arms)
george: Oh, they're busting!
george: So I started to walk into the water. I won't lie to you boys, I was terrified! But I pressed on -- and as I made my way passed the breakers a strange calm came over me. I-I don't know if it was divine intervention or the kinship of all living things but I tell you Jerry at that moment  I was a Marine Biologist!
george: I know I was just telling them the story.
george: The sea was angry that day my friends like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli!
"george: I got about fifty-feet out and suddenly, the great beast appeared before me. I tell ya he was ten stories high if he was a foot. As if sensing my presence he let out a great bellow. I said, ""Easy big fella!"" And then, as I watched him struggling I realized, that something was obstructing its breathing. From where I was standing I could see directly into the eye of the great fish!"
george: Whatever.
george: Well then, from out of nowhere, a huge tidal wave lifted me, tossed like a cork and I found myself right on top of him, (ELAINE gasps quietly Ahhhh) face to face with the blow-hole. I-I, I could barely see from the waves crashing down upon me but, I knew something was there so I reached my hand in, felt around and pulled out the obstruction!
george: (Silently squinches his mouth and nods at Kramer)
george: Ohh yes, yes. Yes Jerry they were all over me. It was like Rocky 1, Hm. Diane came up to me, threw her arms around me
george: kissed me. We both had tears streaming down our faces. I never saw anyone so beautiful. It was at that moment that I decided to tell her that, I was not a marine biologist.
"george: Told me to ""Go to hell!"" and I took the bus home."
george: Sand. It's everywhere
george: Did she say why?
george: Maybe she's diabetic.
george: Maybe you said something that offended her.
george: Like at the airport? (getting excited)
george: That's a great idea!!!
george: We could be zipping all over the place.
george: They never try anything.
george: No harm!
george: Well, I can't walk anywhere now. I'm just gonna be wishing there were walkways. (seeing Elaine removing her shoe) What are you doing?
george: Kramer, what's the name of the store with the mannequin?
george: Wait a minute, Rinitze? Don't they have somme really cool suits in there?
george: I'm gonna go with you. I gotta get a new suit. I got a second interview with MacKenzie, and I think I'm really close. They're all taking me out to lunch on Friday.
george: All right. All right. (They both leave)
george: It's like some pod landed from another planet and took your body. Don't fall asleep Elaine.
george: Whoa, look at this. This is a beautiful suit. Huh?
george: You think so?
george: You really think this looks O.K. on me?
george: Ah, Pfft! What can you do? (looking at a tag on the suit) Is this the price tag?
george: Yes, hello. Party's over. (taking off the suit)
george: So you think you can put the suit aside and hold it for me?
george: Oh yes, of course, and we have to be fair. (placing the suit further away in the rack)
george: (outside, looking the guy trying the suit through the window, and thinking out loud) What's this? Can't I leave this place for a second? (goes in, take off his jacket, walks to the guy and talks to him with an european accent) Can I help you?
george: No, no, no, this suit is not for sale. (tries to take off the suit from the guy)
george: (leaving the european accent) No. (laughs)
george: Look, I'm doing you a favor. They're having an unadvertised sale. This suit is gonna be half-priced starting ... Monday.
george: Yea Yea Yea
george: Yes. Now take off those pants.
george: (to the saleswoman) You know honey for an unadvertised sale, you're doing a lot of yapping about it.
george: Why didn't you just tell her?
george: How could he not have washed?
george: Yeah, just like I do.
george: Well, I think Poppie's got some problems. There's a whole other thing going on with Poppie. So how did you leave it?
george: Olive?
george: Oh.
george: I got to get downtown and buy that suit. The store opens in twenty minutes.
george: Yeah.
george: The last time I saw her, she was naked.
george: (George takes out the suit from the other rack) Well, look at this. (innocently) This doesn't belong here! Someone has made a terrible mistake.
george: Hid? I have no idea how this suit got misplaced. Nevertheless, I do believe I shall purchase it.
george: Oh, I'll pay. Half-price. Arrivederci my fellow 40-short.
george: You're telling me. (he walks around and the suit makes a swooshing sound) So, what do you think?
george: I probably didn't hear it on the way over because of the street noise. (he panics) This is no good! I got to meet these guys from MacKenzie for lunch in half an hour!
george: This MacKenzie, he's a bit of a nut. Someone told me he fired the last guy because his nose whistled when he breathed.
george: Let's say it comes down to me and one other guy. He's got a nice quiet suit, and I'm whooshing all over the place! Who do you think he's gonna hire?
george: No, I didn't hear anything.
george: No, can't say as I did.
george: Could be the leaves...
george: I heard the last guy got fired because his nose whislted.
george: No problem there. Conformity is an obsession with me.
george: Oh... (George looks around and sees the chef hiding behind a plant it's Bob!)
george: No. But I was the only one at the table that didn't get violently ill.
george: What happened to your itch?
george: Did you ever solve the riddle of the pie?
george: It's just not good, it's not good.
george: I'm bored. She's boring, I'm boring, we're both boring. We got out to eat, we both read newspapers.
george: No. Lunch we read, dinner we read.
george: Ya
george: There's nothing to talk about.
george: Well at least you and I are talking about how there's nothing to talk about.
george: She knows there is nothing to talk about.
george: Oh shut up.
george: Hey, Al. How's it going?
george: Oh I'm seeing someone, yes. You know her, Daphne Bower.
george: We have no need to speak. We communicate with deep soulful looks.
george: What about me?
george: Ya
george: Deeply in love. If you can't say anything bad about a relationship, you shouldn't say anything at all.
george: I didn't even know Fulton was in the hospital.
george: Na no, I'm not good in these situations. I can't hide my pity. I..I make em feel worse.
george: Ya and also I'm afraid that people in that state are finally going to tell me what they really think of me. You know they got nothing to lose what do they care?
george: No but say hello for me.
george: Hi, nice to meet you.
george: (to Kramer) You got a job?
george: (to Mickey) Can't you just switch with another Midget?
george: Yap..
george: (sets down his paper) So how were the eggs?
george: (Not amused with her answer) Eggs are eggs. That is very profound. (laughs; Daphne goes back to reading her paper) By the same token you could say fish is fish. Ha ha ha, I don't think so. (pauses) Listen Dophne
george: Daphne. I have to tell you something, this is very difficult...
george: Ya, ya. I bumped into him on the bus. What did he have to say?
george: What?
george: He said that? (Daphne shacks her head) What a nerve. How dare he say something like that.
george: Of course not. I mean sure, there may have been one or two occasions in the past, when I may have reacted in uh impulsive or somewhat immature manner, but those days are well behind me.
george: (on the speaker) Ya
george: This you are not going to believe. Al Netchie, that pimple. Tells Daphne, not get this 'Not to get involved with me.'
george: Ya. That's what she told me.
george: Because he's afraid she's gonna get hurt.
george: Of course.
george: Wa.. He doesn't have to tell her.
george: Oh no no no. He's deeply in love, and I was just about to break up with her when she told me.
george: Well I can't break up with her now.
george: Because he said I was going to.
george: Yes, I am.
george: I don't see any way around it.
george: What choice do I have?
george: (interrupts her) You know what. I don't think I'm going to be able to stay over tonight.
george: I, I really should go home. Ya.. actually I'm planning on spending the day with my father tomorrow (short laugh) we're uh we're going to a father-son picnic, just the two of us.
george: Well Dad's been planning this for such a long time, he bought a new blanket, and he got tha...that game with foam paddles and the velcro ball. (laughs)
george: Yes, oh yes very much.
george: No, no I do. You know it's just...
george: (angry that she believes Al was right) No he's not right. Al Netchie is not right! Alright I'm canceling the father-son picnic. I don't know what he's gonna do with all that potato salad.
george: So she's just sitting there, she's having a pleasant conversation... and all of a sudden.
george: It.
george: Out. (Jerry shakes his head in agreement) Wow. I spend so much time trying to get their clothes off, I never thought of taking mine off. (Jerry nods; George looks at his watch) Alright, Hey come on, get out of here, Dophne gonna be here any minute.
george: You know what I've come to realize? I'm not just bored. I genuinely dislike her.
george: Hey I'll get married if I have to. Al Netchie will think twice before he opens his mouth about me again.
george: I'm very disappointed to here you talk like that. You still don't know what makes me tick.
george: What are you doing?
george: (happily) Difficult?
george: (acting disappointed) Oh, please don't.
george: Packyderm?
george: Can I come upstairs, please? (Elaine pushes the button and lets George in.)
george: Nothing, I... said it was a little problem.
george: Anyway, I think the guy in the shower opposite saw me. He gave me a dirty look.
george: Yeah, so what? I'm not the only one! (Kramer enters with his quilt.)
george: Well, what was I supposed to do? Get out of the shower, put on my bathrobe? Go all the way down to the other end? Come all the way back?
george: Oh, no...no, that's very bad for the kidneys.
george: Medical journals!
george: They could kick me out of the health club if he tells them!
george: Talk to him!
george: You said the guy gave you an open-lipped kiss!
george: Well, that doesn't mean anything!
george: Well, what about the open-lipped kiss?
george: Yeah, you're right, you're right. (To Elaine) Alright, maybe he's not interested, but you still know him - can't you just ask him?
george: Why?
george: Aha. Aha. Could it be because you don't want him to know that you have a friend who pees in the shower, is that it?!
george: Oh, I think it is! I think that's exactly what it is!
george: I was there! I saw a drain!
george: It's all pipes! What's the difference?!
george: I'll call a plumber right now! (Goes for the phone.)
george: What happened? Did he bring it up?
george: Signal? What signal?
george: I'll tell you what that is - that's a violation of club rules. Now I got him! And you're my witness!
george: A guy leaves a puddle of sweat, that's a signal?
george: What if he left you a used Kleenex, what's that, a valentine? Now you go up to him and you tell him that if he's thinking of turning me in, that I got the goods on him!
george: So you're gonna let me get suspended for shower urination?
george: Is there ever a good time to have your parents stay with you?
george: When are they leaving for Paris?
george: What about her place?
george: Really? (Jerry shakes his head) Maybe this will become like a cool thing, living with your parents.
george: Hey believe me, baldness will catch on. When the aliens come, who do you think they're gonna relate to? Who do you think is going to be the first ones getting a tour of the ship?
george: Hey by the way my parents really want to have your parents over dinner before they leave town.
george: Hey Alec
george: Hey Joey, how you doin'?
george: Well uh....
george: Well, sure Joey, sure, I would be thrilled.
george: What could I do? Did you see the mug on that kid?
george: Ya it used to be right in the middle of single Jeopardy and now they do it right after single Jeopardy.
george: Oh, n-no comparison.
george: (stops Jerry realizing something) Hey hey hey hey hey hey.
george: Your parents are going to Paris right?
george: So I tell Alec that I have to go to Paris for an undetermined amount of time. Then all I have to do is buy some post cards and have your parents mail them from Paris.
george: Who?
george: I'm trying to get out of this Big Brother program. So when you get to Paris (handing Morty the postcards) all you have to do is drop 'em in any mailbox.
george: Well no not yet, you gotta buy french stamps (pauses) I-I'll reimburse you of course.
george: Really? My father has a ton of old clothes just sitting up in the attic, y-you think they're worth something?
george: What happens if the husband dies after the wife, who brings in the clothing in then?
george: (pondering) Yes I suppose they do.
george: (grabbing his jacket) Hey oo, I just remembered uh my parents really wanna have you guys over for dinner before you leave town. What about tonight?
george: Yea they're making Paella.
george: Well um, what about tomorrow night?
george: Ok uh, I guess I'll tell them that.
george: (quietly) Ya.
george: Ya.
george: No, they had plans.
george: That's what I wanna know.
george: They said tomorrow, maybe.
george: I don't know what the reason could be.
george: Anyway it's kind of a fluke thing but uh I'll be leaving for Paris in two days. I will send you a postcard when I get there.
george: Yea, ya..ya know I feel terrible about Joey but it's jus..it's a great business opportunity. I-I don't even know how long I'm gonna be away for.
george: An apartment complex, the uh the Eiffel Towers. uumm Like I said uh you'll be getting a postcard uh in a few days and again I'm sorry.
george: Fantastic?
george: How gee what a coincidence.
george: I dunno they said maybe.
george: Yes a cruise, a long cruise, just the two of you.
george: I-I wasn't in the attic.
george: Maybe it was a mouse.
george: What?
george: You haven't even seen one.
george: I guess I've been hanging on to them for so long cuz i couldn't accept the fact that Dad was really gone forever (hugs a piece of clothing)
george: They will get a good home won't they?
george: Oh I beg to differ. My father took great pride in his appearance, he was a very handsome man, a casanova really.
george: Could you make it two-twenty-five that was his hi-game in bowling.
george: Thank you.
george: Uh, I'm just selling some of Dad's things, (looking into Kramer's eyes) that's what he would have wanted.
george: (leaving) That'll do.
george: Hey that's swell.
george: Dinner? (grabs Kramer)
george: You had dinner with the Seinfelds'?
george: Was this something you had planned for a while?
george: (hurriedly leaves Rudy's) They had plans, They had plans!
george: Aaaa (looking around for Jerry) aaaa (finds Jerry) Ah ha. They had plans huh? They were busy. They were busy with their (doing a little dance to make the plans seem all that important) big plans!
george: Mom and Pop Seinfeld
george: Alright I happen to know what they did last night, they had dinner with Kramer.
george: So what's the deal they don't want to have dinner with my parents?
george: Is there something wrong with my parents?
george: Because my parents happen to be two pretty wonderful people.
george: Yes.
george: So are they coming tonight or not?
george: Ok, fine. It's going to be very interesting, very interesting if they don't show up tonight. You know my mother made all this Paella.
george: It's a spanish dish. It's a moulage of fish, an meat with rice. Very tasty.
george: Hey could you do one other thing for me?
george: You think your parents would have any objections to taking a little kid to Paris with them? (Jerry looks at him confused) It turns out that the kid's father lives in Paris. (chuckling) Is that a coincidence? (Jerry smilies) Eh you know Alec wants me to take him over there so I figure as long as they're going (claps)
george: (pause) Alright if you think it's too much they don't have to mail the postcards.
george: They were drinking champaign in a buggy!
george: Yea
george: (in the threshold between the living room and the kitchen) The thing that bothers me the most, is the lying.
george: (sitting down) Vacation?
george: (claps all happy) AH! (half hugs Estelle)
george: The attic? Y-you haven't wore any of those clothes for years.
george: (picking up what Frank saw as a mouse) It's the remote.
george: I'm trying to buy some of the clothes back. (realizing something) Hey you wanna come over for dinner tonight? My mother made all this extra Paella.
george: Apparently the Seinfelds' are too good for us. I shouldn't say anything bad about your uh your partner.
george: Twenty-five percent? It was your idea.
george: You're doing all the leg work.
george: He's ripping you off
george: If anybody should be getting more it's you.
george: Well don't let him take advantage of you like that.
george: I'm sorry, umm he-here's your money back (gives Rudy the money back) I-I-I'll have the clothes.
george: So uh where are the clothes?
george: Oh. That's good.
george: Moths?
george: Well you know what happens with larvae hatch, they-they're everywhere.
george: Hey uh let me take you're coat.
george: Dad?!
george: Rudy?! That skunk, I knew he didn't burn those clothes.
george: I sold your clothes yesterday.
george: I didn't think you wore them anymore.
george: Missing his plane? Wasn't that a charter flight?
george: What happens to charter tickets when you don't use em?
george: Yes I suppose they are.
george: Yes.
george: Hey I get a free trip to Paris, I go in the Big Brother's Hall-of-Fame, I mail my own postcards.
george: It's alright, I got lunch.
george: Honesty, hard-work, these are the values that I was raised on. The most important thing Joey, is to be able to look yourself in the mirror before you go to sleep at night.
george: Where the hell is your father?!
george: Ow! What are you doing under there? Hey, stop that! Don't eat that! That's not food! (to Robin) He's suckin' down Equal packets!
george: 25 kids for his birthday party? (to kid under table) Don't put your tongue on the floor! He's putting his tongue on the floor! Here, here, have some more sugar packets. (tosses some Equal packets under the table)
george: How about Bozo?
george: Who's Bozo? Bozo the Clown, that's who Bozo is. When I was a kid, Bozo the Clown was the clown, bar none.
george: With the orange hair, and the big clown shirt with the ruffles...
george: He had a TV show! He had cartoons!
george: You know, when I was a kid, we didn't have these elaborate birthday parties w-with catered food and entertainment. I remember my 7th birthday party...
george: Nah, I have asthma. (Robin's kid grabs George's leg from under the table, and George struggles.)
george: Bozo?
george: B-O-Z-O?
george: You've never heard of Bozo the Clown?
george: How could you not know who Bozo the Clown is?
george: How can you call yourself a clown and not know who Bozo is?
george: Is he a clown? What, are you kidding me!?
george: Yes, he's a clown!
george: Alright, just forget it.
george: Alright, very good, very good...go fold your little balloon animals, Eric. Eric! (chuckles) What kind of name is that for a clown, huh?
george: Well, I do what I can. (Robin comes over.)
george: Ah, great, great. (sniffs) What's that smell? Smoke? (walks to the kitchen) Hey everybody, I think I smell some smoke back here...(smoke boils into the doorway.) FIRE! FIRE! Get out of the way!
george: Because! Because, as the leader...if I die...then all hope is lost! Who would lead? The clown? Instead of castigating me, you should all be thanking me. What kind of a topsy-turvy world do we live in, where-where heroes are cast as villains? Brave men as cowards?
george: Seemingly. Seemingly, to the untrained eye, I can fully understand how you got that impression. What looked like pushing...what looked like knocking down...was a safety precaution! In a fire, you stay close to the ground, am I right? And when I ran out that door, I was not leaving anyone behind! Oh, quite the contrary! I risked my life making sure that exit was clear. Any other questions?
george: Its not easy.
george: So she doesn't want to see me anymore.
george: No, her too. And her mother.
george: Yeah. I may have stepped on her arm, too, I don't know.
george: Yeah. But it was somebody's arm.
george: To some degree.
george: In a manner of speaking.
george: Yeah. She should be commending me for treating everyone like equals.
george: Perhaps.
george: Yeah. Eric the Clown put it out with his big shoe.
george: What's that?
"george: Wow, he really does a number on you. (reads) ""Seinfeld froze like a deer in the headlights in the face of incessant heckling."""
george: You know what you oughta do. You should go to her office and heckle her.
george: You know, like all the comedians always say, 'How would you like it if I came to where you work and heckled you?'
george: I'm not kidding, you should do it.
george: Well, go ahead! Do it!
george: No reason!
george: This is unprecedented!
george: What...are you using my babies now?
george: What accident?
george: That's unbelievable!
george: Wha.. you ran?
george: Holy cow!
george: How could you do that?!
george: You're Batman.
george: Well, wha-what about the toe? What happened to the toe?
george: You did all this...for a pinky toe?
george: Robin? Robin!
george: Robin, listen to me. The most amazing thing has happened. Kramer has opened my eyes. I think I've changed.
george: O.k....(is about to explain. Cut to Jerry on-stage.)
george: ...you'll see, things will be different now - if you just give me one more chance.
george: Alright, but I'm serious about this.
george: The prop comic? (Ronnie holds up his water gun and smiles.) Oh, hi...I didn't recognize you, what...did you get a haircut?
george: I never tasted a cough medicine I didn't love.
george: You see? We were made for each other. (Thinking to himself) It's amazing. If I reach out and touch her breast right not, she'd scream and throw me out of the car. But at this time tomorrow, I could touch it all I want.
george: Potussan. Ever try it with club soda?
george: Oh, very refreshing. (Thinking again) Sex is like joining a private club. I'll be the same me tomorrow, but suddenly, the no trespassing sign will be gone.
george: Yeah, about ten, fifteen minutes. But I have to stop at a vegetable stand.
george: My mother loves Hampton tomatoes. She's nuts for Hampton tomatoes.
george: (To Jane) You know, when I was a kid, I once found a dollar and fifty cents in change on the bottom of the pool.
george: Yeah. Hey, you know, I gotta go get these tomatoes. You wanna go for a ride?
george: 'Kay. I'll uh, I'll see you later. Anybody want some tomatoes?
george: Hey Rachel!
george: What kind of a greeting was that?
george: Yeah. I love Hampton tomatoes. You know, you can eat 'em like apples. You know it's funny, the tomato never really took on as a hand fruit.
george: Hey! Wow, the K-Man! (They walk into the kitchen inside)
george: This is fantastic. Man, what a weekend. Swimming, lobster for dinner...
george: You saw who, what?
george: You saw Jane topless?
george: Oh you mean face down on her chest.
george: Face up on her back?
george: Well why'd she do that?
george: You mean she just laid there topless?
george: Walked around? And you looked?
george: I can't believe that you saw her before me.
george: Well, how good a look did you get?
george: Well, if she was a criminal and you had to describe her to a police sketch artist...
george: Great, great. So anytime you want you can just visualize her naked.
george: Stop it, stop it! It's not fair. It's not fair. I don't like this situation, Jerry. I don't like it one bit.
george: Yes, yes! The punishment should fit the crime.
george: It's like I'm Neil Armstrong. I turn around for a sip of Tang and you jump out first.
george: Oh, okay. (Starts to walk other way and then walks to their room and goes in)
george: Oh, sorry.
george: I'm sorry, uh, it's not like I'm gonna see something I've never seen before.
george: I didn't.
george: No, I was just wondering... if you guys, uh, had any gum.
george: Yes, because the water was cold... and the chewing warms me up.
george: Okay. (Chewing) Thanks anyway. (Continues to chew as he exits)
george: (realizing he was short changed) I was in the pool! I was in the pool!
george: Did she do it on purpose?
george: I was supposed to see her. She wasn't supposed to see me.
george: Well ordinarily I wouldn't mind. But...
george: Well I just got back from swimming in the pool. And the water was cold...
george: Yes. Significant shrinkage.
george: Yes! I mean, if she thinks that's me she's under a complete misapprehension. That was not me, Jerry. That was not me.
george: What if she discusses it with Jane?
george: How do you know?
george: They're worse! They're much worse than us, they talk about everything! Couldn't you at least tell her about the shrinkage factor?
george: How do women know about shrinkage?
george: Do women know about shrinkage?
george: No.
george: It just does.
george: See, look at this. (wearing a very tight shirt) Rachel, my T-shirt shrunk. It used to be much bigger, and now it shrunk. You see, that's what water does. It shrinks things.
george: What're you doing? What're you, telling secrets? What're you laughing at?
george: You know, it's very impolite to tell secrets. Are you talking about me?
george: You're going back to New York now?
george: Uh huh. Uh huh! I think you spoke to your little friend Rachel, that's what I think.
george: And she didn't say something to you about a certain something?
george: *I* think that *you* think that a certain *something* is not all that it could be, when in fact it is is all that it *should* be, and *more*!
george: Look, you don't understand. There was shrinkage.
george: Well, I'm just expressing my gratitude to our gracious host.
george: A little breakfast.
george: (To Rachel) And, uh, you eat eggs, right?
george: Ah, enjoying them?
george: Uh, good. You know, you might wanna try eating it with one of these. (Holds up lobster bib)
george: Not that much. You know, they tend to shrink in the water.
george: Ah, I guess I should go up and apologize.
george: I don't know why Rachel had to drive back with Michael and Carol.
george: Hey, there's a tomato stand, let's stop, I can get some more.
george: Where? (He looks out window and gets hit by a tomato)
george: I went to the beach. (Jerry and Elaine exchange looks)
george: It's not working, Jerry. It's just not working. (sits down next to Elaine)
george: Why did it all turn out like this for me? I had so much promise. I was personable, I was bright. (Elaine turns showing disagreement) Oh, maybe not academically speaking, (Elaine nods correct) I was perceptive. I always know when someone's uncomfortable at a party.
george: It became very clear to me sitting out there today, that every decision I've ever made, in my entire life, has been wrong. My life is the complete opposite of everything I want it to be. Every instinct I have, in every of aspect of life, be it something to wear, something to eat ... It's all been wrong. (chuckles) Everywhere.
george: Yeah. No, no, no, wait a minute, I always have tuna on toast. Nothing's ever worked out for me with tuna on toast. I want the complete opposite of on toast. Chicken salad, on rye, un-toasted with a side of potato salad ... and a cup of tea. (laughs)
george: (annoyed) Good for the tuna.
george: So what? What am I supposed to do?
george: Elaine, bald men, with no jobs, and no money, who live with their parents, don't approach strange women.
george: Yeah, I should do the opposite, I should.
george: Yes, I will do the opposite. I used to sit here and do nothing, and regret it for the rest of the day, so now I will do the opposite, and I will do something!
george: Excuse me, uh I couldn't help but notice that you were looking in my direction.
george: My name is George. I'm unemployed and I live with my parents.
george: Why shave every day? It just grows right back.
george: I'm afraid I'm just not interested in how I present myself. If those kind of superficialities are important to you, this probably isn't gonna work.
george: Take it easy. Take it easy. It's not the end of the world.
george: That won't be necessary.
george: Shut your traps and stop kicking the seats! We're trying to watch the movie! And if I have to tell you again, we're gonna take it outside and I'm gonna show you what it's like! You understand me? Now, shut your mouths or I'll shut 'em for ya, and if you think I'm kidding, just try me. Try me. Because I would love it!
george: I don't think we should. We really don't know each other very well.
george: I'm the opposite of every guy you've ever met.
george: Hey, I just found twenty dollars! I tell you this, something is happening in my life. I did this opposite thing last night. Up was down, black was white, good was -
george: Day was -
george: Yes!
george: Yes. And listen to this, listen to this; her uncle works for the Yankees and he's gonna get me a job interview. A front office kind of thing. Assistant to the traveling secretary. A job with the New York Yankees! This has been the dream of my life ever since I was a child, and it's all happening because I'm completely ignoring every urge towards common sense and good judgment I have had. This is no longer just some crazy notion. Elaine, Jerry, this is my religion.
george: Yes funny (laughs; hand clap) let's go.
george: Alrighty. Ah ... my last job was in publishing ... I uh got fired for having sex in my office with the cleaning woman.
george: Ah, Alright, before that, I was in real estate. I quit, because the boss wouldn't let me use his private bathroom. That was it.
george: Of course.
george: I am different, yeah.
george: Well, I wish I could say the same, but I must say, with all due respect, I find it very hard to see the logic behind some of the moves you have made with this fine organization. In the past twenty years you have caused myself, and the city of New York, a good deal of distress, as we have watched you take our beloved Yankees and reduced them to a laughing stock, all for the glorification of your massive ego!
george: The New York Yankees!
george: I'm the assistant to the travelling secretary. I'm going on the road trips with 'em! I'll be on the plane... I'm working in Yankee Stadium! This is a dream, I'm busting, Jerry, I'm busting!
george: Ya!
george: And I'm moving out of my parents' house, I'm taking that apartment on 86th street, remember the one we saw?
george: I'm back in business, baby!
george: Hey! (to Elaine, who doesn't look too cheerful)
george: Well, you could move in with my parents. (chuckles)
george: Instinct.
george: Yeah, it's the last one.
george: Alright, let's go.
george: I'm not gonna be nice. That's how I got the job.
george: I just want the both of you to know how much you mean to me, and I love you both very, very much.
george: Greetings, people. Greetings. Greetings and salutations. What a beautiful day for a ball game. Let's play two! (Sits down, says to waitress ) Oh, I'll have the chicken salad on rye, my usual, you know what I get, darlin'. (Turns to the Gang) So, let's see, I had a little conversation today with Mr Don Mattingly - (to Elaine) he's the first base man.
george: We talked about his new batting stance, you know, I'm not crazy about it, but I said , 'Donny, go with it 'till it stops workin'.' Donny baseball. He's a helluva guy.
george: O.K., Danny, take a swing. (Tartabull swings the bat.) N-No! No! No! You're opening up your shoulder.
george: No, not really. I'm just saying this to you because I like to hear myself talk. Yes, really!
george: What are all sweatin' for?
george: Hot? (Feels Tartabull's material.) What is this?
george: This uniform, what's it made from?
george: No. This is not cotton. Here, lemme see. (Tries to look at the tag on the uniform. Tartabull gets creeped out and resists.) Will you stop it? (Looks at the tag.) Oh. Of course. Polyester!
george: I can't believe you're not playing in cotton.
george: You know they used to make leisure suits out of this fabric?
george: Of course! Alright, maybe I'll say something to Buck.
george: Hey, don't embarrass me today. I got some friends in the stands. (George makes a swinging motion with an imaginary bat and pulls something in his back.)
george: Miss Rhode Island? When are you seeing her?
george: You're incredible.
george: What if she becomes Miss America? You could be dating Miss America, Jerry!
george: Chaperone? What, are you kidding?
george: What does the chaperone do?
george: Can she talk?
george: You're calling her?
george: Hey, did you know that the Yankees don't wear cotton jerseys?
george: Well, what is that? That's a crime! Do you know how hot those things get? They should be wearing cotton.
george: I don't know. That's all gonna change.
george: Why shouldn't I?
george: How do you know?
george: Hey, Buck. Talk to you for a second?
george: How's everything going? Everything O.K.?
george: Listen, Buck, I uh...obviously I don't need to talk to you about the importance of player morale, but uh...I've been talking to some of the guys, and some of them - I don't want to mention any names - but some of them...they're not too happy with the polyester uniforms.
george: Well, they get very hot in the polyester. You know, it's not a natural fibre. I think they would prefer cotton.
george: Yeah. Cotton breathes, you see, it's much softer. Imagine playing games and your team is five degrees cooler than the other team. Don't you think that would be an advantage? They're cooler, they're more comfortable...they're happier - they're gonna play better.
george: Oh - I've got something.
george: Well, did you see it?
"george: The uniforms! Did you see how they played? Listen to these comments! (reads from the paper) ""Wade Boggs 'What a fabric! Finally we can breathe.' Luis Palonia 'Cotton is king.' Paul O'Neill 'I never dreamed anything could be so soft and fluffy.' """
george: Really!
george: Atlantic City? (thinks) Yes! Yes! I will go to Atlantic City. I'm in. I'm down.
george: Hey.
george: How was the show?
george: I won fifty bucks! Boy, this is great. Too bad Elaine's not here.
george: I don't know, it sounds like pigeons or something!
george: Me either. Is there anything you can do to shut them up?
george: Good night, Stan.
george: Oh. (Goes back into the bathroom.)
george: That's a shame. (Karen is shown singing off-key on the television.)
george: Hey, hey! Yankee game! (Changes the channel.)
george: Hey, hey.
george: Elaine, Julie.
george: Hey, wanna get some lunch?
george: Ah, well, that's very mature. What about you?
george: Sure, all right, what do you want?
george: What big salad? I'm going to the coffee shop.
george: I've never seen a big salad.
george: Is that what I ask for? The BIG salad?
george: No, no, Hey I'll get it. What's in the BIG salad?
george: (???), we'll see you in a little while.
george: Oh, Safire. Uh ha
george: He can be pedantic. He can be pedantic.
"george: Yes. Yes. You know what's interesting. The quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons is Bobby Hebert. No ""r"" which I find fascinating. You know it's Herbert h-e-r-b-e-r-t, Hebert h-e-b-e-r-t. ""Hebert"" it's a fun name to pronounce. Try and say it Hebert. Take a shot. All right. (check arrives) All right. I"
george: No, Julie, Julie, don't insult me. You know, what difference does it make who pays for lunch. It's totally meaningless.
george: Hey, hey.
george: No, you go Guggenheim. I'm not much of a Guggenheim.
george: Ya, you go.
george: Did you see what just happened?
george: Did you happen to notice that Julie handed the big salad to Elaine?
george: Well, she didn't BUY the big salad. I bought the big salad.
george: Yes it is. She just took credit for my salad. That's not right.
george: I mean I'm the one who bought it.
george: You think she should have said something?
george: Oh, I know.
george: You know you buy a big salad for somebody it would be nice if they knew it.
george: Yeah, she's very lovely.
george: So did you enjoy your lunch?
george: oh, . . .because she handed you the bag. I could have handed you the bag. She happened to pick it up at the restaurant even though, . . .
george: . . . naw, it's just you thanked HER, and and oh, . . . what's the difference?
george: It's just that I was the one who actually paid for the big salad. She just happened to hand it to you. But it's no big deal.
george: No, no,
george: There is no problem. . . just a small miscommunication. Whereby you thanked her instead of the person actually responsible for purchasing the big salad.
george: You know, I think I could have played with dolls if their were dolls in the house. It seems like fun to me. It doesn't seem like a gender thing. I think I would like to play with dolls. What's so terrible?
george: A ha! We're just friends.
george: Oh, share.
george: Ha, ha ha uh, I'm not following that.
george: Well, she probably just assumed.
george: . . .uh, . . . wait a second. Are you suggesting that I went out of my way to tell Elaine that even though you handed her the big salad, that it came from me?
george: . . . WELL IT WAS A BIG SALAD. AND WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IS, HOW DOES A PERSON WHO HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE BIG SALAD CLAIM RESPONSIBILITY FOR THAT SALAD AND ACCEPT THE THANK YOU UNDER FALSE PRETENSES - AH - AH?
george: You know, if it was a regular salad I wouldn't have said anything. But you had to have the BIG SALAD.
george: The rule is a minimum of two days.
george: I'm making it up.
george: Oh, well, a mantel's a whole different story.
george: If my parents had a mantel, I might be a completely different person.
george: Let's have it.
george: You want me to ask one of the Yankees.
george: Alright. I'll run it by a few people.
george: Who was flirting with you?
george: She wasn't flirting with you.
george: Really?
george: He probably doesn't want to get chocolate on his fingers. That's the way these society types eat their candy bars.
george: What, you think I eat all my meals with you? (To waitress) Excuse me, sweetheart? I think you may have overcharged us. What is this?
george: Got it. (the waitress walks away) Did you just see what happened here?
george: Did you see the way she pointed at the check? She gave me the finger.
george: So, what do you think?
george: Channel eleven? Forgive me for trying to class up this place, for trying to have the Yankees reach another strata of society that might not watch channel eleven.
george: I am eating my dessert. How do you eat it, with your hands?
george: You wanted a Yankee, I got you a Yankee.
george: Hey, the Bull owes me one, I helped him with his swing.
george: Absolutely. Pending approval of the script.
george: Jerry, I'm Yankee management.
george: Hey, when you order from the waitress, get her to point to the menu. I want to see what finger she uses.
george: I didn't get the special, but I'd also like the fresh fruit too.
george: (after waitress walks away) I don't believe it, she did it again!
george: She had an itch. She could have used any one of those fingers. That finger was meant for me.
george: Oh no, in and out, I made sure of that. And you'll be happy to know I perused the script and it's met with my approval.
george: (swerving) Hey! Watch it! Did you see that guy? He just gave me the finger!
george: Oh yeah! Middle finger, straight up, at me! At us!
george: I'm following him.
george: No one gives us the finger! We're Yankees!
george: No, you can have it.
george: I'll take care of this, Danny.
george: Excuse me.
george: I believe you cut me off, and then made an obscene gesture.
george: Outside of Manhattan, about an hour ago.
george: That's right, of the New York Yankees.
george: (on tape, lifeless) Hey, it's George. I got nothin' to say... (beep)
george: Hey, hey, hey! You don't call me back?!
george: ...Huh?
george: Hmm, what's he doin' in the city today?
george: You didn't ask him?
george: (suspicious) You didn't say hello?
george: Why was he wearing a cape?
george: Was my father wearing a cape?
george: Huh... Cape... (turns, distracted, heads slowly towards door) What was a man with a cape doin' with my father?... What was my father doing with a man in a cape?... (opens door) Why a cape? Hmm! (exits)
george: Plenty of mosquitoes.
george: So, Dad...
george: (pause) Dad! I heard you were in the city the other day!
george: Jerry and Elaine saw you.
george: Well, they were in a rush.
george: They, uh... said you were with some guy who was wearing a cape?...
george: So Dad,--
george: Hey-- (spots Donna)
george: Oh, I wanted to talk to you--I'm sorry, I--didn't know you... (re Donna) had company. (Jerry indicates he should stay) Hiya, I'm George.
george: You spoke to my mother?
"george: Did you say, ""The rines are crossed?"""
george: (smile) Yeah.
george: Sorry? Why sorry? What you got to be sorry about?
george: Oh my God! (coming out of bathroom) You know what I just realized?! If they get divorced an' live in two separate places? That's twice as many visits!
george: Imagine if I had to see them both on the same day? (mirthless) Haha! It's like runnin' a double marathon!
george: You know what this has to do with?
george: The man in the cape--I bet you he is mixed up in this! I don't trust men in capes.
george: All right Superman's the exception.
george: All right. (tearing his jacket off) Let me just say one thing there is no way that this is gonna happen. You hear me? No Way! Because if you think I'm going' to two Thanksgivings, you're out of your mind!!!
george: (gleeful, to Estelle) You did?! That's Goood! That's very good! I'm very glad to hear that.
george: All right. So let me ask you a question. Who was the man in the cape?
george: Your lawyer wears a cape...?
george: Who wears a cape?
george: All right! Come on! Let's not fight.
george: (quietly) ehh. (pausing to look at both of them) So what made you change your mind?
george: What?!
george: So what?! She still gave you advice; what's the difference if she's not Chinese?!?!
george: (chases after her) Wait a minute! You're--now you're getting a divorce because she's from Long Island?!?!
george: Oh, it had to happen!!
"george: I knew it!! (shuts cab door) I predicted it! (hits cab roof twice, it drives off) Saw both of them today! What a disaster! I'm runnin' all over Queens. First I saw my mother. We had lunch together. Never had... LUNCH with my mother before--it's like a date! Then we drive down to Kew Gardens! Tons of traffic! I see my father. We played ""Clue""! All day with this! [Kew Gardens (see links at end of script)]"
george: I got a feeling I'm gonna be much smarter than you pretty soon.
george: Nah, I don't like that one.
"george: ""Breakfast At Tiffany's."" 90 pages. (Waves a hand like it's nothing.)"
george: They wanted to read a Truman Capote book.
george: He's a great writer.
george: Did you ever read anything by him?
george: Nah.
"george: Okay. ""Breakfast At Tiffany's."" (Begins to read, but gradually his attention is drawn to the TV Guide on the end table. George realizes there's a show on he wants to see by looking at his watch, and doesn't start the book.)"
george: I'm sorry I missed it.
george: Oh...pretty good.
george: Well, it's about Holly Go-Lightly.
george: Yeah, she's quite a character.
george: No.
george: I couldn't. You know, if it's not about sports, I find it very hard to concentrate.
george: No, I'm not. I would like to be, but I'm not. What am I gonna do? The book club meets in a few days.
george: 'Why don't I rent the movie.' See, this is when I like you. Alright, now I'm relieved. (Kramer enters and comes over to the booth.)
george: I'd like to rent Breakfast At Tiffany's.
george: Out? Oh no, I've been to four other places, you're the only ones that have had it.
george: Maybe we could call them and ask them to return it.
george: Well, maybe they're done with it. I could go pick it up.
george: Uh, excuse me, are you Joe Temple?
george: Uh, yes, uh...you don't know me, my name is George Costanza...did you happen to rent Breakfast At Tiffany's?
george: Well, anyway, the book club meets tomorrow, Mr. Temple.
george: She was a delicate flower.
george: Well, as I say, the pink-eye made my vision...quite blurry... (Joe's daughter comes to the door.)
george: So, anything to uh, nosh?
george: Popcorn?
george: Well, a lot of people keep popcorn in the house.
george: You might want to try it...makes the movie more enjoyable, that's all.
george: Oh! Nuts! Excellent! You know what I love? How there's two nuts named after people. Hazel...and filbert.
george: Hey, let's turn off the lights, get some real 'movie atmosphere.'
george: You know, I'm sorry, I...I hate to be one of those people, but we're right in the middle of this thing...I can't hear.
george: Any more grape juice? (Gets up and goes to the kitchen. Remy moves to the end of the couch where George was sitting.)
george: So, we watching the movie, or are we still talking? (Joe's wife shakes her head and goes into the other room. George gestures to Remy to move.) Okay, c'mon. Let's go.
george: C'mon, you took my seat.
george: I was sitting there, c'mon.
george: I had the arm! Joe...
george: Well, I was very comfortable! I've got my nuts here...
george: Alright, c'mon, scooch over. (Tries to squeeze into the corner seat of the couch and struggles with Remy. He spills his glass of grape juice all over the couch in the process.)
george: Joe...
george: Well, not really. After all, she did get together with George Peppard. I mean, Fred.
george: I think she finds my stupidity charming.
george: Yeah, anyway, she's uh, having some kind of a family lunch, I'll swing by after.
"george: Yeah, I'll zip in, ""How do you do?"", zip out. She'll love me."
george: Y'know, I'm better with the mothers than I am with the daughters.
george: Well, if I could talk to the mothers and have sex with the daughters, then I'd really have something goin'.
george: Yeah.
george: Hey! (heads toward bathroom)
george: (inside bathroom) Nah.
george: (emerging from bathroom, buttoning his shirt) A gymnast! I can't believe it, you didn't tell me she was a gymnast.
george: What, I'm puttin' my shirt back on.
"george: I take it off when I go to the, uh, y'know, to the ""office""."
george: Well, it frees me up. No encumbrances.
george: ALL the way, baby!
george: Always.
george: Oh, no, no, not at all. No, I have always felt that the most important thing in the world is spending time with family.
george: (hesitates) Very close, yes. Almost painfully close.
george: Mind? Why would I mind? I would love to wait! (shakes hands with Nana) Nana, nice to see you. Ni-ni-ni-ni-NANA! (embraces another guest, kisses her) Aunt Phyllis, always a pleasure. What a pleasure! Hey, let's do this again real soon. I had fun, huh?
george: Oh, no no no, I'm fine. Let me help you with these dishes, huh?
george: No, I know I don't have to, I want to.
george: I'd argue if I could, Mrs. Enright. (exits) Here we go, all right.
george: (spits out mouthful of food) Mrs. Enright! Mrs. Enright!
george: No, no. No, no, no. It was not trash!
george: Yes.
george: It wasn't down in, it was sort of on top.
george: Above the rim.
george: It was on a magazine! And it still had the doily on.
george: One little bite.
george: But I know who took the bite. It was her aunt!
george: (on phone, as Jerry gestures beside him) No, Lindsay, it was not IN the garbage. It was above the garbage. Hovering. Like an angel. Of course I know your aunt bit it. I kissed her goodbye. Listen, can I tell you something else? In my family, we used to eat out of the garbage all the time. (Jerry makes a face) It was no big thing. That's right. Oh, okay. Buh-bye. (hangs up phone) I'm back in, she gave me a second chance.
george: Yes, good for me!
george: Yes, flowers. I will get her flowers, I will go to the florist!
george: Did you pass your stone yet?
"george: (singing as he exits florist with bouquet and a cup of coffee) ""...tootsie, good-bye. Too-too, tootsie..."" (takes a drink, makes a face, shouts back at shop) You call this coffee? (dumps out coffee behind him, accidentally hitting a parked car's windshield)"
george: I'm sorry! I'm terribly sorry! I- I-
george: Oh, sure. Of course. (looks for place to set down flowers) Um, uh, could you hold these? For just a second, just a second. (grabs newspapers from trash bin, begins wiping windshield) Here you go, now don't worry about a thing. It's gonna be fine. Here we go. Look at this shine.
george: Look at this sparkle. (looks up, sees Lindsay's mother) Mrs. Enright! (runs after her) Mrs. Enright! Mrs. Enright!
george: (on phone, as Jerry gestures beside him) No, Lindsay, I had accidentally spilled coffee on the gentleman's windshield. Why would I do that? I have a job! Well, did she see a squeegee? Well, you're not going to make a dime without a squeegee. That's right, that's right, just tell your mother it was all a big misunderstanding. You won't regret it. Okay, I'll see you later. Buh-bye. (hangs up)
george: You think I'm going down?
george: I know.
george: Well, here we are.
george: Maybe I could just use the bathroom.
george: Whew! Anybody see that poster in there? That is weird, wild stuff, huh? Whew!
george: And ah, Ill have the bacon club without the turkey. (raises eyebrows)
george: Why, you think you can, beat me up?
george: Huh, nggh [snort] Stop. (flirting with her he playfully hits her arm with the menu, then flicks it into the air)
george: Wow, is she not terrific?
george: You think she thinks I have a beautiful face, or is she just saying that?
george: George, don't make me get tough with you. Whu, hu, hu, hu huuuu (raises arms) Who says that? She is really cool. What do you think? You think she likes me?
george: Why should she like me? Who am I? Huh, there's a million people to like.
george: Maybe she could like me? Is it that far fetched? Maybe she sees something? Is it possible?
george: No.
george: Not possible.
george: Hey Elaine.
george: What trip? You were gone?
george: Hunh, pph (raises hands slightly, in amazement) How was it?
george: he he (laughs)
george: Flying him in? How longs he staying for?
george: All this in 5 days. Hmm.
george: Who's he?
george: Hi (raises his left hand in a slight gesture to say hi)
george: Take the suit.
george: Heh heh heh hey, new suit (raises coffee cup as a salute / toast)
george: (takes a large bite - with his mouth still full, his speech is muffled) Oh, this is fabulous.
george: Boy, she is nice. I like her, I like her Jerry. She's got substance. She oozes substance.
george: You mean a walk back in? That's the toughest move in the business. You're sending me out into no-mans-land, and if I get shot down I have to crawl all the way back. Well I can't do it! I can't do it, I tell ya!
george: I did it! It's all done!
george: I did it. Hunh, we're going out as soon as she gets off of work and it'll still be daytime. You know I, Im much better in the daytime then I am at night. it's less pressure.
george: There ya go.
george: (quietly) ahh.
george: Oh. It's just horse manure (huh huh - laughs, he points back at the horse that walked by) Horse manure's not that bad. I don't even mind the word manure. You know, it's, it's nure, which is good. and a ma in front of it. MA-NURE. I mean when you consider the other choices, manure is actually pretty refreshing.
george: Yeah.
george: Huh. Really?
george: Well, how about that?
george: Yes, I sure did.
george: What is that, Boyfriend? I don't understand that. What, what does she think I asked her out for?
george: Yeah, yeah, like it's just part of the conversation. Oh my boyfriend really likes watches. He's a real watch freak. We-e-ell that's fabulous. (snaps fingers in the air a couple of times)
george: I said, would you like to go for a walk or something.
george: Or something. I said, Or Something!
george: (snaps fingers) There you go.
george: What do you mean?
george: I think things were going ok. We were having a nice conversation.
george: I mentioned how I liked horse manure.
george: Yeah.
george: Yeah.
george: You know, about how when you break it down, it's really a very positive thing. you know, you have a nure, with a ma in front of it. MA-NURE. Iz not bad.
george: Yeah. (Jerry nodding) ... Oh, you think because of what I said about the manure. I wa, wa, was just saying how it takes a negative thing, and puts it on a positive spin on it.
george: So you don't think she really has a boyfriend?
george: Well then she's just a Liar, Isn't she?
george: Well what do you eat?
george: Yeah, yeah, yeah we could. You know, ah, Kramer, the next time you talk to her, find out if she knows Kelly, from Monk's. I wanna know if she really has a boyfriend.
george: Yeah, yeah, she's here.
george: No, but Im very uncomfortable.
george: There she is. (waiving his arms quickly above the table - to nix the conversation) No no no no no no.
george: Hello.
george: What's it gonna be?
george: Ill eh, Ill just have a bowl of chili.
george: What's it gonna be? ... You hear that?
george: Did you feel that tension? We use to have banter - (puts menu back with frustration) - there's no more banter.
george: Sure you can.
george: Yeah.
george: I can't go in there. Im too uncomfortable.
george: What's the difference? Let's go to Reggies.
george: It's the same menu.
george: They'll make you a Big Salad. What do you think, they're the only one's that make a Big Salad?
george: So what! Have a yoke! It won't kill you.
george: Just tell her whatcha want, they'll make it for ya.
george: I mean, it's not fair. I've been going there for 7 years. She's been there 3 weeks.
george: If anyone should be forced to leave that place, it should be her!
george: If only she could get fired. Is there any way that could happen? I mean I know how to get myself fired.
george: Well ...... but how do I get someone else fired?
george: I don't think so, Vic. I've done my homework. '89 Volvo, that's the car for me, it's the one I want.
george: No, I decided to go with an '89 LeBaron.
george: What Consumer? I'm the consumer.
george: Well, maybe so...but it was good enough for Mr. Jon Voight.
george: Alright, maybe I do. So what.
"george: I like (imitates Kramer) ""cookies."""
george: Well, what's so great about a Mom and Pop store? Let me tell you something. If my Mom and Pop ran a store, I wouldn't shop there.
george: You are gonna love this car. Even if you don't like Jon Voight.
"george: What do you mean ""might""? You don't think he really owned this car?"
george: Well, why would the guy make up something like that? Of all the names he could pick, why settle on Jon Voight?
george: Neeson? How are you comparing Liam Neeson with Jon Voight? Jerry, we're talking about Joe Buck. If you can play Joe Buck, Oskar Schindler's a cake walk. (Opens the car door for Jerry, Jerry's about to get in.)
george: Whoa, whoa, you're not getting in my car with gummy shoes.
george: Where did you get those?
george: Yeah, I got one too.
george: What?
george: No, what is it?
george: You didn't get one?
george: So?
george: I feel alive, Jerry.
george: Hey...you don't think...sure, that's Jon Voight's pencil!
george: Ah! See? I told ya.
george: So?
george: That's right, you heard me. Get out! You are ruining this whole experience for me!
george: Get out!
george: Get out!! (Jerry gets out and George drives away. A couple of guys notice Jerry in his cowboy boots.)
george: Did they take anything?
george: Anyway, again, I'm sorry about throwing you out of the car.
george: It was kinda fun. (Elaine gives Jerry a cold cloth for his jaw.) You know, maybe his name really is J-O-H-N, but he changed it to J-O-N for show business. Well, you know, J-O-N is a lot zippier.
george: How would you find out something like that...wait a minute, what am I thinking? I've got the entire Yankee organization at my disposal.
george: Heh, that's right. See ya later. (Exits.)
george: Well, I think we need more special days at the stadium, you know? Like, uh...Joe Pepitone Day. Or, uh...Jon Voight Day.
george: I suppose if I had suggested Liam Neeson Day, you'd all be patting me on the back.
george: No. Now I'll always have this doubt about the car. What, your jaw still hurts?
george: You should have somebody take a look at that.
george: You going to the party?
george: Well, there's going to be a lot of dentists there.
george: You don't want to suffer with this all weekend.
george: Maybe I'll just meet you there.
george: Jerry, for all I know this guy went out of his way to not invite you. How am I gonna feel if I show up with an uninvited, unwelcome intruder?
george: Jon Voight! Are you kiddin' me? Did you talk to him?
george: What, you didn't ask him about the car?
george: Jon Voight bit you?
george: Wait a minute, wait, it's not that stupid.
george: Why? Why isn't it possible? I mean, they're both bite marks.
george: It's worth a shot. (Goes to the door.)
george: These are the balloons? Big deal, all I see is Woody Woodpecker.
george: Yeah, what is he? Some sort of an instigator?
george: Hey, Tim.
george: Watch the arm! Tim, listen, we don't want to bother you, we know you're busy here.
george: Let me show you something, take a look at this... (Another guy at the party interrupts.)
george: Uh, Tim, the pencil...
george: Let me ask you something. Could you tell if teeth marks on someone's arm matched teeth marks on a pencil?
george: That's right. I got his whole car downstairs.
george: Jon Voight, the actor?
george: Well I am actually going to have a secretary and I get to do the interview.
george: Yeah, and now someone's going to be taking messages for me.
george: Sure. I could go the tomato route. But eh, I've given this a lot of thought Jerry. All that frustration. Ill never get any work done. So Im doing a complete 360. Im going for total efficiency and ability.
george: Whatever.
george: (looking over her resume) Well Miss Coggins you're ah, obviously qualified for the job. You've all the necessary skills and experience. But you're extremely attractive. you're gorgeous. Im looking at you, I can't even remember my name. So ah, Im afraid this is not going to work out (he crumples her resume into a ball) Thanks for coming in.
george: You're luscious. You're ravishing. I would give up red meat just to get a glimpse of you in a bra. Im terribly sorry. (both George and the attractive female applicant stand up as George reaches across the desk and shakes her hand for coming in)
george: I can't imagine.
george: Hey hey.
george: Hey Elaine. (George hangs up his raincoat next to the door) Im telling you Jerry, having a secretary is incredible. (George claps hands) I don't know why I didnt have one before.
george: Perhaps. (hehe) I walk in, everything is organized -- messages, appointments. And I can't tell you how proud I am of myself for going with Ade.
george: You arms look like something hanging in a kosher deli.
george: Well whad you buy it for?
"george: Demi (the ""i"" sounds like an ""e"")? I thought it was Demi?"
"george: Really? I never heard of a semi (the ""i"" sounds like an ""e"") tractor-trailer. (Jerry nods in agreement)"
george: (to Jerry, as Jerry nods in agreement) You know I think she might have something there.
george: And then assuming the strike is resolved, on April 14th, we, ah, play the Angels. So lets clear a floor at the Anaheim Hotel.
george: Ade, you're a wonder. (he he -- george laughs)
george: Ade, I have to tell you, I, I have never met anybody so ... efficient.
george: I mean you're just, you're just a marvel of organization.
george: It's like Im thinking of something, and you're (snaps fingers) one step ahead of me.
george: (coyly, he looks down and runs his finger along the top of the chair back in front of him) Do you, uh ... do you know what Im ... thinking about now?
george: Is it, uh, doable?
george: Ade you are incredible
george: What? Oh, My God!
george: Ade, ahh, ahh, ah ... Im giving you a raise!
george: Yeah.
george: Not that Im aware of, no.
george: I didnt think ahead.
george: I didnt say any other bawdy things.
george: All right, you know you're not any help at all here. I don't know what even the point is of talking to you anymore.
george: Yeah, well, I guess the only thing I can do is go into George Steinbrenners office and tell him he has to give her a raise.
george: 3 days.
george: What?
george: (Opens the door, looks in and then knocks 5 times) Mr. Steinbrenner, (waves) can I talk to you for a second?
george: Well, you know, to be honest sir -- my, my new secretary Ade, came up with that one.
george: She supports her whole family. (walking slowly into the room)
george: Yes, In fact, her mother is in the hospital right now. It's some kind of a Diverticulitis. (he continues walking slowly towards Steinbrenners desk)
george: She cant even afford to go out to lunch. She's been eating in a high school cafeterias She pretends to be a teacher. It's pathetic.
george: You know what I was just thinking -- she could really use a raise.
george: Yes, well, I sat down with Mr. Steinbrenner. I told him you have been doing great work. I said that you deserved a raise, and if you didnt get it, that I, was leaving. (motions with both arms in a circular motion to his right)
george: Oh, well, don't worry about it -- he's got plenty of money. (spins his chair away from her)
george: (spins his chair back to face her) So you got a $25,000 a year raise.
george: You're making more than I am.
george: What are you doing? You're making more than I am. A secretary cannot make more than her boss.
george: But Mr. Steinbrenner, how can I be expected to perform my job properly, knowing that my uh, subordinate is making more money than I am? With all due respect sir, it's outta whack.
george: Yeah. What are you doing with the Daily Worker?
george: Your boyfriend reads the Daily Worker? What is he? A communist?
"george: Maybe he's just ""very well RED""?"
george: Well, does he wear bland, drab, olive colored clothing?
"george: Huh, he's a communist. . . . Look at this. ""Exciting uninhibited woman seeks forward thinking comrade and appearance not important."" . . . Appearance Not Important! This is unbelievable. Finally this is an ideology I can embrace."
george: I can't believe you're really going out with a woman named Lois.
george: Duncan Meyers?
george: I looked up. I couldn't believe it.
george: So you lied to her?
george: Hey, did I tell you I called one of those girls from the personal ads in The Daily Worker?
george: And they say appearance is not important.
george: What's up?
george: He wants to meet you? I'll tell you what. I'll show up. He doesn't know we're friends. I'll pretend I haven't seen you since High School. I'll back up the story.
george: Not bad? It's gorgeous!
george: Natalie?
george: Thank you.
george: Hello, it's Natalie? Yeah, this is a business office but I'm not a business man per se. I'm here working for the people. Yes, I'm causing dissent. Stirring the pot. Getting people to question the whole rotten system.
george: Oh, my God, No, oh my God, . . . Jerry!
george: George, George Costanza!
george: Yes yes yes This is unbelievable.
george: Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute, don't tell me, don't tell me. It starts with a . . . Duncan Meyers. Oh, wow, this is something. I haven't seen you guys in what, twenty years?
george: So what have you been doing with yourself?
"george: Ah ha, well, I really wouldn't know about that. I don't watch much TV. I like to read. So what do you do, a lot of that ""did you ever notice?"" this kind of stuff."
george: It strikes me a lot of guys are doing that kind of humor now.
george: Yeah, yeah.
george: Yeah, yeah. Well, I guess I started losing it when I was about twenty-eight right around the time I made my first million. You know what they say. The first million is the hardest one.
george: I'm an architect.
george: Have you seen the new addition to the Guggenheim?
george: Yep. And it didn't take very long either.
george: Well, well, I had a dream, Jerry.
george: Well, I like to stay in touch with the people.
george: You know my driver's waiting, I really should get running. Good to see you guys again.
george: Ha, uh,
george: Oh, the big race.
george: Yes, yes,.
george: Yes, sure, surely was. Yeah, I'll remember that day. Well I'll never forget it because that was the day that I uh, lost my virginity to Miss. Stafford, the uh, voluptuous home room teacher.
george: Yes, yes, you know I was in detention and she came up behind me while I was erasing the blackboard . . .
george: But I digress. Let me see, now. You were standing at one end of the line and I was right next to you. And I remember we were even for like, the first five yards and then , BOOM,...You were gone.
george: Head start, oh no absolutely not.
george: (on phone) . It's George Costanza. . are there any messages for me? Why does Mr. Steinbrenner want to see me in his office? . . . Communist? I'm not a Communist . . . . All right, all right. All right, I'll be there. - ( hangs up ) My secretary Ada, told Mr Steinbrenner I'm a Communist Now he wants to see me in his office.
george: You, uh, wanted to see me, Mr. Steinbrenner?
george: C-Communist? I am a Yankee, sir, first and foremost.
george: Sir?
george: Yes, sir. Yes sir, do my best.
george: Okay, all right, all right.
george: You wanted to see me, El Presidente?
george: Si, si.
george: Muy sumpatico. Muy muy muy.
george: Oh, oh!
george: Oh well, gracias El Commandante, gracias. Muy muy.
george: Check that out (showing newspaper)
george: That's right.
george: What's that.
george: And the amazing thing is she eats like there's no tomorra'. I mean I've never seen an appetite like this. Desserts. Everything. I don't know how she does it.
george: Wa?
george: Kramer, she's a model.
george: I have noticed she does tend to go to the bathroom right after we finish eating.
george: Just enjoying watching you.
george: Yes, full. I love to be full ... love to sit back, loosen the old belt and digest away for hours. Let those enzymes do their work.
george: Where you going?
george: You're fresh (grabs her arm) You're very fresh. You seem very fresh to me. You're very vital. I couldn't take you any fresher.
george: Well, I heard a noise.
george: You know, .. blah ...
george: From the bathroom.
george: Every time we go out to eat the minute we we're done eating she's runnin to the bathroom.
george: Elaine, of course I'm concerned. I'm payin' for those meals. It's like throwing money down the toilet.
george: Let me digest it. Let me get my money's worth. Y'know what would be good is if there was someone else in the bathroom that could tell me.
george: Hey, maybe I could bribe one of those women that hand out the towels in the powder room.
george: Yeah
george: Wha?
george: You know a matron?
george: You
george: Kramer,
george: Well, what is it?
george: Wha?
george: Who?
george: Kramer, Kramer, I need to know if Nina is refunding.
george: Why not? Why not?
george: Come on, Kramer.
george: Cosmo?
george: Hey di ho
george: Hey oh.
george: It's all worked out. Nina and I will have dinner Thursday at the restaurant where Babs works.
george: Oh, she's a Kramer. And uh, while I was there I uh happened to pick up another juicy little nugget about our friend.
george: I uh got the first name.
george: That's right. You ready?
george: Cosmo
george: Cosmo
george: Wow.
george: Oh yeah HA-A-A, HA-A-A.
"george: Hate the big coarse ""ha."" Hate those."
george: I see.
george: Well, if I hear you correctly--and I think that I do--my advice to you is to finish your meal, pay your check, leave here, and never mention this to anyone again.
george: The Switch?
george: Can't be done.
george: Do you realize in the entire history of western civilization no one has successfully accomplished the Roommate Switch? In the Middle Ages you could get locked up for even suggesting it!
george: Well, I'm sure at some point between the years 800 and 1200--somewhere--there were two women living together.
george: All right, dammit, I'm in.
george: All right. Let's get to work.
george: All right. That's enough for today. You're tired. Get some sleep. I'll see you first thing in the morning.
george: We'll come up with something.
george: All right. See you tomorrow. (George sighs, exits.)
george: I-I-I-I-I got it!!!!!
george: All right. Let's go over it again, one more time.
george: That's right.
george: Keep going.
george: Continue.
george: A few days go by and a call is placed at a time when Sandy is known to be busy at work. Once the initial awkwardness is relieved with a little playful humor, which she [Laura] of course cannot resist, an invitation to a friendly dinner is proffered.
"george: You disappoint me, my friend. Sandy wants nothing to do with you. She tells Laura, ""If you want to waste your time with that pervert, that's your problem."""
george: (George, finger in the peanut butter jar) This is what I do.
george: ... so glad.
george: And why shouldn't you? Be fresh Stay fresh
george: Uh, yeah. Do you know Babs?
george: Babs left?
george: Ah Ha.
george: I was just wondering what it was you wanted for dessert.
george: How 'ya feelin'?
george: What happened to Babs. She never showed up last night. The whole thing blew up in my face.
george: Hey, what happened with Sandy. I forgot all about it. Did you call her?
george: So what happened? She throw you out? Eh?
george: So what happened?
george: Into what?
george: That's unbelievable.
george: Do you ever just get down on your knees and thank god that you know me and have access to my dementia?
george: You're not goin to do it? What do you mean, You're not goin to do it?
george: Are you crazy? This is like discovering Plutonium ... by accident.
george: If only something like that could happen to me.
george: I know.
george: Hey, Cosmo what happened to your mother last night. She hung me out to dry.
george: It would have been nice if someone told me about it. I just think you could have said something. That's all.
george: Well where is she?
george: No thanks.
george: I'm telling you, skip the Drake's wedding, go to the game.
george: Well who schedules his wedding on Super Bowl Sunday?
george: Lemme see. I can't believe you got these for free. (Looking at the tickets) Row F?!
george: Howbout Kramer or Elaine, they don't want them?
george: Wish I could help you.
george: You paying my hotel and airfare to Miami?
george: So in order to use these, I gotta spend like fifteen-hundred bucks. This is a bill for fifteen-hundred dollars. Plus, she'd ask about the sleeping arrangements, that whole sleeping arrangement conversation is depressing.
george: Oh, no no no, I haven't even seen her apartment yet. Tomorrow night's the first night.
george: Hey, is that Tim Whatley?
george: Yeah, is he still mad at you for crashing his Thanksgiving party?
george: Oh good.
george: I'm getting a makeover.
george: Wow.
george: I love it! This is fantastic! Look at this couch, is this velvet?!
george: A fan? I would drape myself in velvet if it were socially acceptable. And look at this, hardwood floors!
george: (bewildered) Heh heh.
george: So Scott's your roommate, huh?
george: No, you didn't mention it.
george: I'm sure I will.
george: Yes. A male roommate.
george: It's a huge problem, Jerry. The hardest part about having sex with a woman is getting her to come back to your place! He's already got that.
george: No. Believe me, he's not.
george: She's confiding in him about our dates. You always like the person you talk to about the date more than the date! It's just a matter of time till they realize, 'Hey, we could have sex.'
george: Exactly! You know how they get animals to reproduce in captivity? They just put them in the same cage.
george: Oh, that's the worst part of it. He looks just like me.
george: I look like me and I'm working from the outside. Who do you think is in the better position?
george: Ho ho. This bizarre ?harrod? experiment must end!
george: I gotta find a way to work this out, I love that apartment. It's so cozy, I'm ensconced in velvet. You know, if it were socially acceptable--
george: I've said that before?
george: Hey.
george: The wedding is off. Now you can go to the Super Bowl.
george: You just gave them to him two days ago, he's gotta give you a grace period.
george: Well, didn't he regift the label maker?
george: Well, if he can regift, why can't you degift?
george: I have a point, I have a point.
george: Yeah. What's that?
george: (eating a pickle) Well they're his tickets, he can do what he wants with them.
george: Alright, I gotta go. I'm heading over to Bonnie's.
george: I gotta try and find a way to switch places with him. It's like a Sigfried and Roy trick.
george: What a movie. Good choice.
george: Oh, Scott, Scott. He's really great, isn't he?
george: Yes he is. Let me ask you something. When you come out of the shower and you put your robe on, do you cinch it real tight, are you concerned about that?
george: Do you hold the neck together with one hand, or are you just letting it flap in the breeze?
george: What's the massage situation?
george: Is there any work being done? Is there any rubbing, touching, finger manipulation on the other person, and if so, who's making the request?
george: Say you go to the bathroom at two o'clock in the morning, what's the outfit? I mean, you dressing up or is it come as you are?
george: I'll tell you what's wrong, a grown woman with a male roommate! It's unnatural, it's an abomination!
george: Hey!
george: I'm good.
george: How does Tim Whatley even know Newman?
george: Who goes to the Super Bowl with their mailman?!
george: Well, he's merry.
george: I had a little tiff with Bonnie about the roommate.
george: And there's you ticket.
george: Well, what happened when you got upstairs?
george: They don't need any water, so you don't have to keep taking them to the bathroom.
george: Oh. Oh!
george: That's right. It's just me and her.
george: I guess she did. He's gone, now I'm the man.
george: No, it's not.
george: Oh my god.
george: I had the perfect situation here, he was shouldering half the load.
george: (walking towards the door) I couldn't leave well enough alone?!
george: I gotta go help her tape up all his boxes and get them ready for shipping.
george: Thanks.
george: What, what happened? Where's, where's all the stuff?
george: The table, the stereo, the VCR, the velvet couch, where's the velvet?
george: Here's the TV. I know you wanted to watch the Super Bowl. Do you at least have some towels we could sit on? It's, like, a four hour game.
george: (internally) How am I gonna get out of this? Think Costanza, think!
george: Hey, do you know, Bonnie, I just had a pretty wild idea.
george: Well I, uh, I'm not sure how you pronounce it or anything, but I, uh, I believe it's Mnage  Trois?
george: Gary? Well, well, well well. Where the hell've you been? I've been leaving you phone messages for months.
george: Busy. Don't give me busy. Who's not busy? I'm busy, we're all busy, everybody's busy. All right, tell me, what's kept you so busy?
george: Hey, uh...
george: Kramer, I, I, I, uh, I need to talk to Jerry privately.
george: Kramer...
george: Hey, you're hurting me!
george: I swear, I swear!
george: Right, I got news. You ready? (deep breath) Gary Fogel had cancer.
george: You knew? How did you know?
george: Why did he tell you and not me?
george: How are you closer to him than me?
george: So, is he okay?
george: Huh, really? How bad? Was he on his death bed?
george: So why didn't you tell me?
george: So?
george: Well, I still think you shoulda told me.
george: Well, I wanna talk to him about this.
george: Mmm-mm.
george: That's what I'm saying.
george: If not mine, whose?
george: No, an old friend of ours, Gary.
george: (to Jerry, yelling) You told her? She's not your wife!
george: You don't think I can keep a secret?
george: You don't trust my poker face?
george: (shamefaced) No.
george: I have to say, as a glasses wearer I take exception to that. That's like me buying a wheelchair to cruise around in.
george: Eh, there's that woman that never talks to anybody.
george: Every day she comes in, she sits at that table and reads. Never talks to anybody.
george: (pleasant surprise) Really? (admonishing) You know Gary, I really have to say, I'm a little bit hurt that you didn't decide to confide in me.
george: Well I still think it was wrong.
george: (well, obviously) Yes.
george: (standing) All right, I'm gonna move my car, my meter's up. Can't park in this city.
george: Wha, that's a Kinney lot?
george: Fifty bucks a month, that's incredible! Okay, thanks.
george: You still owe me a secret.
george: Yeah?
george: What do think I tell Jerry everything? It's not like he's my wife.
george: Just one? I'm living like twenty. (chuckles) What's yours?
george: (shifty, avoiding Jerry's eyes) Fine, fine. (he removes his coat)
george: (shifty) Yeah.
george: No. Nothing. Fine. (he sits at the table)
george: My regular face.
george: What are you saying?
george: I got nothing.
george: What you talking about?
george: Will you stop it?
george: I don't have a flush.
george: (broken, shouts) Gary Fogel never had cancer!
george: The doctors thought he had cancer, but the surgery revealed he never actually had it.
george: Nothing!
george: That's right.
george: Well...
george: Oh, I could do it.
george: (snorts) C'mon.
george: You did that?
george: Wait a minute, wait a minute. You can't say anything. (rushes to take phone from Jerry)
george: (puts down handset) Because he'll know I told you. Besides, he's giving me a parking spot around the corner for practically nothing.
george: Yeah.
george: Yeah, well you have to maintain the same disposition too. You can't start acting any differently. You have to be nice.
george: Because you were being so nice.
george: (shouts) You be nice!
george: Yeah. Once belonged to Jon Voight.
george: Oh, well, uh. Gary told me you said hi.
george: You didn't?
george: Regards?
george: So, you didn't think this was a date?
george: I thought it was a date.
george: What about the regards?
george: No, tell me.
george: Me? Oh yeah.
george: Oh, the guy's got some perspective there.
george: (frustrated) Oh, look at this. There's no place to park around here. I don't even know why they sell cars in Manhattan.
george: Can you believe he sold his glasses on the street?
george: No. Definitely not.
george: I'm pretty sure I wouldn't.
george: The one who always sits by herself?
george: How did he do that?
george: Really? And Debby told me that she fell in love with him because he has all this perspective!
george: (opening door to leave) He picked her up?
george: Wow. (he runs his fingers through his hair, and then brushes the resulting fallout off his jacket)
george: I'll try some on and see how they look. It's just hair.
george: Well, some of 'em look good. The ones that look good you don't even know about.
george: The way they make 'em these days, I'll never have to tell her.
george: (to Jerry) Well, what d'you think?
george: No, say. I want you to say.
george: (examining reflection) I really think this looks pretty good.
george: (to salesman) Well, maybe you could show me something else.
george: (leaps to feet) Jerry!
george: Please. (sits again)
george: Well, I'm, I'm just looking.
george: What?
george: (admiring himself in mirror) I did.
george: How's your life? All right?
george: Hey, people, people, people, people, people. Not bad, huh? Excuse me.
george: Is that so? Or could it be that you're just a *little* bit worried that you may have missed the boat?
george: Ha ha ha ha, oh all right, go ahead, deride, deride if you must. But let me tell you something, with my personality and this set of hair, you know what I am now? I am in the game. I no longer defer to the coifed. I'm a player.
george: So she's gorgeous.
george: Well have you got a picture?
george: Well, I have to see her.
george: Really?
george: Oh I would love that. You think he'd really do it?
george: Well I'm very excited about this. I've always wanted to see how those sketch artists do it.
george: Pouty? I like that.
george: I'm excited about the pouty.
george: Oh yeah, you were right. She's gorgeous.
george: Well this worked out okay. So are you going to see the police woman?
george: So I spoke a little to your little friend Denise last night.
george: Yeah for two hours. She's nuts about you.
george: Why didn't anything happen between you two?
george: Yes I did.
george: What do you think I said?
george: I told her the truth.
george: Yes, as I see it.
george: What hat?
george: No.
george: You only think that because you know me.
george: I noticed people staring at my head because they like what they see.
george: Look, I guarantee she won't know.
george: (thinking to himself) Oh my god, there she is. That's the face, just like the picture.
george: Yeah. Hi. It's great to meet you.
george: No, no. I just got here. A few minutes ago.
george: Well why don't you take off your hat and stay awhile.
george: That's an interesting question.
george: How so? I'll tell you how so. She's bald!
george: What do you think I mean bald? Bald. Bald bald.
george: She's bald.
george: Oh come on? No come on. She took off her hat and there she was (waving his hand over his head) hello. It was like I was looking at myself in the mirror.
"george: Let me tell you something. No one walks into a beauty parlor and says ""Give me the Larry Fine."""
george: You fixed me up with a bald woman.
george: Yeah, that's right.
george: So?
george: No I'm not. I *was* bald.
george: Elaine.
george: No, no, no Elaine.
george: Nooooo.
george: I tell you, when she threw that toupee out the window, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I feel like my old self again. Totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic, it's a pleasure.
george: And you know what else I've decided to do? I'm going to keep seeing the bald woman.
george: Her scalp was clean. She had a nice skull. There just wasn't a lot of hair on it.
george: Going to need a little more coffee here.
george: I'm sorry, Jerry I can't help you.
"george: Jerry, I can't. It's like saying to Pavorotti, ""Teach me to sing like you."""
george: Jerry, just remember. It's not a lie... if you believe it.
george: Do you? That makes me so happy. Elaine's proud of me Jerry.
george: I got rejected by a bald woman. A bald woman rejected me. Heh, you like that one? A woman with no prospects and no *hair*, told me that I wasn't her type. Apparently *baldy* likes a slimmer guy.
george: Say it's Saturday night in Spain. They go out dancing. You think they do the flamenco?
george: So you could call a woman for a date, ask her if she's free for Dinner and a flamenco?
george: Boy, I wish the flamenco was popular here.
george: Yes, I think I would.
george: What for?
george: So, what, no lunch?
george: Oh. How's she doing?
george: Ah. You know, there's gotta be an easier way to open ketchups. They should make it in a tube.
george: Ya-hah.
george: I've seen squeeze mustard. I've never seen squeeze ketchup.
george: Not necessarily. Mustard lends itself to the squeeze.
george: Oh, there's a difference. It's subtle.
george: Hey uh, isn't Elaine supposed to meet us?
george: What?
george: Wendy? Is that the uh, physical therapist?
george: Really?
george: You know, I'm down to one kiss hello. My aunt Sylvia.
george: (surprise) Huh. I never heard you say you admire me for anything.
george: You're uh, physical therapist, right?
george: You know, I got this little swelling right here. (rolls up his sleeve to expose his wrist) It's kinda painful. What d'you make of it?
george: (reluctant) Oh that uh, that seems like a lotta trouble.
george: (happy) Oh! Okay.
george: Oh, thank you.
george: What?
george: I still don't see why I can't ask her about my arm.
george: Why not?
george: I love these people, you can't ask 'em questions. (getting excited) They're so mentally gifted that we mustn't disturb the delicate genius unless it's in the confines of an office. (worked up) When huge sums of money are involved, then the delicate genius can be disturbed!
george: (wiping the area with a hand) People think they're so important...
george: (regarding the menu) What're you getting?
george: Well, just tell Kramer to tell her.
george: You know, my arm feels a lot better. That Wendy really knows her stuff. (he writes out a cheque)
george: (tearing out cheque) Yeah, same time. (hands over cheque) There you go.
george: What for?
george: (agitated) Well, I, I couldn't come. I, I had to drive my mother to, to the chiropodist.
george: (harassed) Are you aware that I'm being charged for Tuesday's appointment? I had to take my mother to the chiropodist.
george: (after Wendy and to the receptionist) Oh, you have a policy! (to the world at large) The delicate genius has a policy! George heads for the door.
george: Well, it's less than twenty-four hours, so I guess I have to!
george: What d'you mean?
george: When did you leave the message?
george: (pointedly) Oh, I'm sorry, I require twenty-four hours notice for a cancellation. Now, as I see it, you owe me seventy-five dollars.
george: Will that be cash, or cheque?
george: (irascible) Oh, I see. So your time is more valuable than mine. Is that it? You're a delicate genius!
george: Elaine?
george: (leaving) Hah. Good luck.
george: Wednesday? That's your personal business?! (stalks over to the counter) Skiing?! (angry) So let people suffer, while you're shushing all over a mountain?
george: I hear everything.
george: Yeah. Let's go.
george: I hope so. I can't take him living with me much longer. He makes this kasha, it stinks up the whole house.
george: What?
george: Why?
george: Alright, that's enough.
george: What'd you do today, dad?
george: I don't have a hi-fi.
george: (leaving to the bedroom) I gave it to Cosmo.
george: (coming back in) Alright, alright. Can we go out and eat?
george: My father opened his shirt...
george: (nods to Kramer) Tell him, Kramer.
george: (waves his hands) Big breasts!
george: I was throwing up all night. It was like my own personal Crying Game.
george: (worried) Yeah, that's right. What if it's a genetic thing, like father like son?
george: No, no no. That skips a generation. The baldness gene comes from your grandfather.
george: You mean like a bra?
george: (thinking she means the breasts) What!!
george: Oh, Huh, imagine that.
george: (agitated) Alright, I gotta try and talk my mother into taking him off my hands.
george: (broaching a subject) Hey mom. What kind of woman was grandma?
george: Well, you know. You get to a certain point, you wanna know about your roots.
george: Yuh. What about physically?
george: Yeah, you know, what'd she uh, look like?
george: (to himself) You can't tell much from those pictures.
george: Was she uh, was she a big, uh woman?
george: Bosomy?
george: (trying to laugh it off) No, I was just wondering. The information could be relevant.
george: (to himself) That's what I'd like to know.
george: (upset) Well, you've scared her off. We may never see mom again.
george: Dad. We need to talk.
george: (crafty) Not necessarily. Why don't you take back the couch you gave me?
george: Yeah, sure. (big smile) Then my father will have no place to sleep. (snaps fingers) He's gotta move out.
george: No, the cushion's turned over.
george: (enthusiastic) Yeah. You get a couch. I get rid of my father. It couldn't be more perfect!
george: Jerry took the couch back.
george: Oh, I pleaded with him.
george: Well, I took the liberty of packing your things. (gleeful) Mom's coming to get you.
george: (light) No. No, no, no. The cushion was turned over.
george: Ah! There's mom, there's mom.
george: Oh, of course. (motioning Estelle to enter) Of course.
george: (upset) But you can't stay here. There's no place to sleep!
george: No. Thanks, dad.
"george: "" That guy was amazing, he could dunk and he was my height...What was his name again?"""
"george: ""Jimmy, right."""
"george: ""Ah! your just mad 'cause we beat ya."""
"george: ""HEY! JIMMY!!! ha ha ha........Great game."""
"george: ""Hey you know , I felt we had like a synergy out there,you know, like we were really helping each other."""
"george: ""Yeah,yeah yeah yeah! I've seen these.....they sorta ..they make your legs..stronger."""
"george: ""Plyometric?"""
"george: (to Jimmy) Wh...Where d'you get'em?"""
"george: ""You sell them?"""
"george: ""Hey listen, let me give you my card. It's got my home number on it. I want to buy the first pair when the next shipment comes in."""
"george: ""All right Jimmy Good talking to ya."""
"george: ""What day is today?....Aw. ..Tuesday! Damn it. I shouldn't have worked out today. Mr Wilhem has called a big meeting and now I'm gonna be sweating through the whole thing."""
"george: ""Aahhrgh...it wouldn't take...... long pause, audience laughter) ten minutes from now, I'll be sweating all over again ,I can feel it. I'm a human heat pump!"""
"george: ""Cold showers? They're for psychotics."""
"george: ""All right, I'll see you guys later."""
"george: (still puffing)"" Whoa!!"""
"george: ""Hey"""
"george: (head down low) I...I wouldn't know"""
"george: ""It doesn't help"""
"george: ""I'll see you."""
"george: (to Jerry) ""You know those shoes that Jimmy had? I cut a deal with him. We're gonna import a case of them together."""
"george: ""There's a lot of money in this.. He's got a proven sales method"""
"george: ""He jumps!"""
"george: ""Will you stop with the Jimmies"""
"george: ""Ha..harrr."""
"george: (angrily)""WHY WEREN'T YOU MORE CAREFUL WITH YOUR DROOL!"""
"george: ""BECAUSE IF HE CAN'T JUMP. THERE GOES MY SNEAKER BUSINESS!!"""
"george: ""Argh!!..Anyway...Jimmy couldn't be here today so he asked me to fill in for him, and I'm sure that you'll be impressed at what can be accomplished after only a few short days of training.....yeah!"""
"george: ""Whhhoooo!!!!""(taps on his desk loudly)"
"george: ""Arrrrrrgh!! .. It's George.. Oh! Sports wholesaler. yeah. yeah. .. thanks for calling back. No , no , no still got the shoes, still got the shoes. Lots of them. This is.. beautiful athletic gear."""
"george: "".....Well. I'm sorry. Call you right back."""
"george: ""No!...not...nothing."""
"george: ""Well...there's no room for someone like that in this organization."""
"george: ""Hemmm!.. Fine!"""
"george: ""...It's the chicken"""
"george: ""It's the Kom Pau ... George likes his chicken spicy."""
"george: ""I have to go see Steinbrenner later. Mr Wilhelm told him that I was the one responsable for stealing all the merchandise."""
"george: ""'Cause when he questioned me about it I was sweating from the Kom Pau.."""
"george: ""George likes spicy chicken."""
"george: ""....I like spicy chicken"""
"george: ""No I didn't"""
"george: ""George is getting upset.."""
"george: (knocks) You hem... wanted to see me Mr. Steinbrenner?"""
"george: ""George would never do anything like that."""
"george: ""Right!"""
"george: ""Why would George steal from the Yankees?"""
"george: "" 'course not"""
"george: ""Sir?"""
"george: (energetically) ""Well seems it's about time for George's lunch."""
george: Jerry it's funny, Paula and I actually met because of Elaine.
george: ..And I went down there one time to see...
george: If Elaine wanted to get some coffee.
george: Are you through?
george: So Anyway, I started to compliment Elaine on her sketches and it turns out,they're Paula's.
george: Oh! Dropped a napkin...(Whispers) Jerry!
george: What are you doing?...She had those nuts in her mouth, she just spit them out.
george: Well I've done that.
george: Haven't you kissed her?
george: Excuse me just for a second. ( fixes his hair looking at his reflection in a coffee pot.)
george: This is dating , you can't leave anything to chance.
george: Hehummm , Yeah!
george: No problem.
george: Well, it was very nice meeting you Shelly and Jerry be careful, there's a lot of nuts out there. (to Paula) All right you have everything?
george: Yeah.( reaches for the purse and finds a piece of paper . he looks annoyed.
george: Don't you see what this is?
george: Yeah!, a doodle of me...look at the size of the nose , the ears, all my features are distorted.
george: I'm grotesque . I look like a troll.
george: Don't you see what this says? How can you possibly like somebody ,if you think they look like this?
george: (gets up to leave the table) HELLO!!! (angrily)
george: You enjoying yourself? (More laughs from Elaine)
george: You see. You see! Listen when is your next drawing class?
george: All right, I want you to do me a favor.
george: I want you to find out is she likes me.
george: But she's gonna know that I like her more than she likes me.
george: yeah!
george: Hum..( to Elaine) Hey! did you talk to Paula?
george: So what did she say?
george: She said she liked me. No kiddin' she said that?
george: Those were her exact words, I like George.
george: Ha Haaaaaaa... Jerry how do you like that.You see I get myself in a dizzy, I'm all worked up and for what?
george: ha Ha..
george: You see.....WHAT!!
george: She said looks aren't important to her?
george: She thinks I'm ugly. I knew it.
george: .....So what's your point?
george: Oh!, so what. I'd rather she hate me and thought I was good looking....At least I can get somebody else. (scratching his chest) What is this? Why am I itching?
george: Hello..
george: Well I spoke to Elaine...
george: No...Why should that make any difference to you?
george: Of course not. You don't care what I look like.
george: I suppose I could just pull this out ( his tucked shirt)and walk around like this and you wouldn't care?
george: Hu humm? i suppose we could go to Lincoln Center and I'd be wearing sneakers and jeans and that would be fine too.
george: I could..
george: Velvet...
george: It's the real deal.
george: That's right...We just had sex......You know Jerry I've been searching for someone a long time. Well the search is over.
george: He he...So huh! What's with the suitcase.
george: Why?
george: So where are you staying?
george: ( mouth full) Hi, this is fantastic ( puts the pit in the a plate)D'you ever had a Macanaw peach?
george: Too bad , it's all done.
george: Look at that. They got lobster on the menu. Who would order a lobster here. I mean, do they bring a lobster in everyday hoping *todays* the day.
george: You know, I think we really need to be in front of a television set. You take T.V. out of this relationship, it is *just* torture.
george: An eye job? Ma, you don't need an eye job.
george: No, you're not a divorcee. Youre just separated. You're---you're a separatee.
george: No, you're not out there.
george: You're not out there! You can't be, because *I* am out there. And if I see *you* out there, there's not enough voltage in this world to electroshock me back into coherence!
george: Tuesday? I can't do it Tuesday. Steinbrenner needs me to run---
george: Kramer, hey, hey! (Gets up out of his seat)
george: Come on over and sit down.
george: No, you're gonna sit down, you son of a gun...
george: She's not out there!
george: Hey, Kramer, what are you doing Tuesday?
george: Why doesn't *he* pick you up after the operation. He's got the car with the bench seats that you like.
george: Well, giddy-up!
george: You told David Putty your move and you didn't tell *me*? I *need* a move. You know I have no moves, Jerry. (points to the candy bar) Gimme a bite.
george: I can't believe you're hoarding sex moves. I'm out there rubbing two sticks together. You walk around with a zippo.
george: (takes a bite) Oh, that's good. That's very good.
george: Yeah, much better. All right, so what's the move, because I need *something*. This woman I'm dating, it's like she's doing her nails during love-making.
george: Yeah. Never seen anyone so bored. I'm working like a dog here. Give me a moan. *Something*. I'd settle for a belch, for god's sake. All right, come on, let's have it.
george: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's in the vault. I'm putting it in the vault.
george: You're gonna tell me...or not.
george: I got a headboard.
george: No.
george: Five-foot four. Why?
george: I can't tell ya how much I appreciate this.
george: Is it a clockwise swirl?
george: So, did you get your new plates?
george: What do they say?
george: Maybe they're Wilt Chamberlain's.
george: Come on! No doctor would put that on his car.
george: So, where you gonna stick this (points to the Fusilli Jerry)
george: (pops his head out of the covers, looking a bit confused) Uh...you know, uh...pleasuring you.
george: You don't like the move?
george: You're kidding.
george: Sorry. I'll just go back to my usual routine.
george: Supposed to close with the swirl?
george: Yeah, yeah, should've written it down.
george: What's to think about? If Putty says it's what it is, it's what it is. He's not gonna cheat you.
george: What happened to Putty?
"george: Well, of course they're trying to screw you. What do you think? That's what they do. They can make up anything. Nobody knows. ""By the way, you need a new Johnson rod in there."" ""Oh, a Johnson rod. Yeah, well, you better put one of those on."""
george: Let me ask you a question. This new move. Is there a knuckle involved in any way?
george: I think that's mine.
george: All right, listen, I'll see you guys later.
george: It just came to me.
george: You mean in the end?
george: A counter-clockwise swirl.
george: What?
george: Nothing. I don't know...just a little dirt.
george: It's a very complicated move! I couldn't remember it all.
george: You know, it's not the S.A.T.s!
george: They say this guy's the best.
george: (stands up) I am.
george: Ma, don't cry!
george: Ma, your eyes!
george: Hey.
george: Really?
george: I've done the march in. Best feeling in the world.
george: Not as good. That's when you realize all the money you're losing.
george: Jerry, I need to borrow your camera.
george: Well, I wanna put a picture of me and my boss Mr. Morgan up at the office.
george: They're reorganizing the staff, and I'm on thin ice with this guy as it is.
george: It better be.
george: (Holding camera) Look at this, I only have one picture left... How 'bout a shot of me and Mr. Morgan?
george: Why? Because we're a team! C'mon! Would you take this for us, dear? Thank you very much. Here we go... (To Morgan) Anyone ever tell you you look a lot like Sugar Ray Leonard? Yeah, you must get that all the time.
george: No, not a racial thing, there really is a resemblance...
george: How ya doin'?
george: Nice day today.
george: I'm George. George Costanza, you live around here?
george: Yo.
george: Hey, Jerry, how was Ithaca?
george: Hey, Jerry, what was the name of the exterminator who fumigated your apartment when you had fleas?
george: Carl... Yeah, he was a nice guy.
george: What company was it?
george: Yeah, you know we spoke for a little bit...
george: No, not really.
george: Gotta go.
george: May I help you?
george: Oh, yes of course, come in.
george: Yes, well, if the other people in the office saw that I called an exterminator, they would just panic. Besides, this is sort of a friendly visit. Carl, right?
george: Yeah, sure, we met at Jerry Seinfeld's apartment. When you fumigated for fleas over there.
george: Jerry? Yes, I suppose he is white. You know, I never really thought about it. I don't see people in terms of color. You know, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Hand on... (To phone) Is Mr. Morgan in?
george: He left... huh... Carl, you hungry?
george: (To Carl) Oh, by the way, order anything you want, it's all on me. Just do me a tiny favor pretend we're old friends. Oh my God! Mr. Morgan! What a coincidence, it's Mr. Morgan. Mr. Morgan, I want you to meet a dear old friend of mine, Carl.
george: That's... what we used to call him in high school, the exterminator. He's a linebacker. Oh, did we have some wild times.
george: I love this place. You know, Carl and I come here all the time.
george: Check, please.
george: Mr. Morgan! Did you hear that? Mr. Morgan!
george: Take toilet paper for example. Do you realize that toilet paper has not changed in my lifetime? It's just paper on a cardboard roll, that's it. And in ten thousand years, it will still be exactly the same because really, what else can they do?
george: And everything else has changed. But toilet paper is exactly the same, and will be so until we're dead.
george: It's just paper on a roll, that's it. And that's all it will ever be.
george: You find this interesting, don't you?
george: Something's up, there's something in the air.
george: Well, I think this is it.
george: I saw Siena again.
george: We discussed toilet paper.
george: Yeah, I told her how toilet paper hasn't changed in my lifetime, and probably wouldn't change in the next fifty thousand years and she was fascinated, fascinated!
george: Ok, ok, fine! It's changed, it's not really the point. Anyway, I'm thinking of making a big move.
george: I might tell her that I love her. I came this close last night, then I just chickened out.
george: Fifty-fifty.
george: Aw, I've just got to say it once, everybody else gets to say it, why can't I say it?
george: Once, to a dog. He licked himself and left the room.
george: Eh eh eh, can't do it, can't do it, sorry, I got a date.
george: Oh no no no, if you must know, I would rather be with her than go to the game.
george: Hey, by the way, if anybody wants an inside tour of the zoo, Siena works there as a trainer.
george: Yeah, yeah.
george: You know, I could have actually gone to that.
george: Well, I didn't want to break our date.
george: Because I... I love you.
george: Yup.
george: Huge matzoh ball.
george: Well, it's all over. I slipped up.
"george: You have any idea how fast these things deteriorate when there's an 'I love you' out of the bag? You can't have a relationship where one person says, ""I love you"", and the other says, ""I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat.""."
george: I mean, now she thinks that I'm one of these guys that love her. Nobody wants to be with somebody that loves them.
george: You want to be with somebody that doesn't like you.
george: I am never saying 'I love you' again unless they say it first.
george: That'd be me.
george: Wait a minute, you were at a funeral, right?
george: Well, people never give a good 'hello' at a funeral. I mean, they go like this (George gives an extremely understated nod) That's the biggest.
"george: Hey, they can't go, ""Hey! You look fabulous!"""
george: Girlfriend, yeah, right.
george: Barry?
george: What?
george: Oh my god.
george: She probably never heard it. Don't you see what this means? It's like the whole thing never happened. It's like when Superman reversed the rotation of the earth to save Lois Lane!
george: That's the question, Jimmy.
george: I'm gonna do it.
george: I'd like to say it once to someone that can actually hear it!
george: Siena, I love you.
george: Yeah. Just confirming.
george: Where were you?
george: Well you know, if you were sitting right next to her you'd have to console her no matter what.
"george: When you're talking about a movie like ""Beaches"", moving from the chair to the couch , . . . that's quite a voyage."
george: Hey. I gotta go.
george: I didn't know you were such a Bette Midler fan.
george: Gennice palying today?
george: Going backstage is the worst. Especially when they stink. You know that's a real problem.
george: Yeah, he once bumped into reverend Yung Sun Moon.
"george: I watched ""Beaches"" on cable last night. (wings?)  Give me a break."
george: Aaaaaah
george: come on it's just a game.
george: So what? Somebody dropped an egg on my head as I went into my building last night.
george: You heard him.
george: Oh, yeah. I read what you said to the papers yesterday. You weren't in on the planing. What planning? YOU THINK WE PLANED THIS? Uh?
george: Who are you to decide?
george: Hey, look, Kramer,
george: Well, you got no place to go. I'll tell you what your problem is You brought your queen out too fast. What do you think? She's one of these feminists looking to get out of the house? No, the queen is old fashioned. . Likes to stay home. Cook. Take care of her man. Make sure he feels good.
george: I don't think we should see each other any more.
george: I don't see how I could perform sexually in a situation after something like that. I was completely emasculated. Anyway, it's not the only reason.
george: All right. You wanna know what one of her favorite expressions is? Happy, Pappy?
"george: Like if she wants to know if I'm pleased with something, she'll say, ""Happy, Pappy?"""
"george: I'm ""Pappy""."
"george: Oh, come on. What, are you kidding? GEORGE I'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind there backs. Anyway, look who's talking. You just broke up with with Melanie last week because she ""shuushed you"" while you were watching TV."
george: What is this? Did you ever get the feeling like you've had a haircut but you didn't have one? I'm all itchy back here.
george: What?
george: What?
george: No, we're not. We're not men.
george: I know. I know. That's what I do. That's what I do.
george: . We should be having dinner with our sons when we're sixty.
george: Yeah, Like I don't know that I'm pathetic.
george: Yes. Me, too. I wanna be normal. Normal.
george: Yes. Yes. Care. You know who I think about a lot? Remember SUSAN ? The one that used to work for NBC?
george: No. It didn't take.
george: Did I tell you I ran into her last week? Ho-ho, she looked great.
george: You thought she was good looking, right?
george: I was just curious.
george: Yes. Changes.
george: Think I'M not?
george: Me, too.
george: La-la-la...
george: La-la-la-la-la-la-la! [flashbacks to Susan]
george: It's GEORGE.
george: Will you marry me?
george: Ma, guess what!
george: No, it's nothing bad. I'm getting married.
george: I'm getting married?
george: Yes!
george: What difference does it make what she looks like?
george: Yes, she's pretty. What difference does it make?
george: She wants to talk to you.
george: Hey, Kramer, where are you going?
george: Don't go. Kramer! Come back. I got great news. Well, I did it.
george: I got engaged. I'm getting married. I asked Susan to marry me. We're getting married this Christmas.
george: Yes!
george: I'm a man. Jerry, I'm a man. And do you know why? It's because of that talk we had. You were my inspiration. Do you believe it? You. That lunch was the defining moment of my life.
george: You're blown?
george: You like that?
"george: It took a couple of hours of convincing. I was persistent. I was just like those guys in the movies. And it worked! She said ""Yes""! I can't believe my luck that she was still available . A beautiful woman like that. You think she's good looking, right?"
george: Yes. She's got great skin - a rosy glow..
george: Oh, she's got the hue. So, what's going on with you and Melanie? I mean, I know you're not getting married, but uh, things are happening?
george: You what?
george: . . . she scooped her niblets?
george: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What about the pact?
george: What happened to the pact? We were both gonna change. We shook hands on a pact. Did you not shake my hand on it uh?
george: Well, it's not that. I just, you know, I thought that we were both uh...
george: Well, maybe not married, but...
george: Yeah.
george: . . . . . . Yeah.
george: Yeah. It doesn't make any difference.
george: Yeah.
george: Yeah.
george: Champagne?
george: Okay! Alright!
george: Yeah.
george: Um, I don't uh, really think I can go.
george: Well, I didn't really tell Susan about it, and she doesn't really have anything else to do.
george: Well, she doesn't really want to see Firestorm.
george: She um, she wants to see The Muted Heart.
george: Yeah. see you later.
george: I am ready.
george: Okay, I guess I'll see you down there.
george: Okay.
george: Yes, it was very, very good.
george: Oh, I sure hope so.
george: Hello?
george: They are?
george: Uh, yeah, I'll be there in a minute.
george: Uh, nothing. I got to go.
george: You know, it was really wrong of you to back out on that deal.
george: Yeah, Well that's a deal where I come from.
george: I got to go.
george: I will never understand the bathrooms in this country. Why is it that the doors on the stalls do not come all the way down to the floor?
george: Isn't that why we have locks on the doors?
george: A backup system? We're designing bathroom doors with our legs exposed in anticipation of the locks not working? That's not a system. That's a complete breakdown of the system.
george: Why? What's wrong with the subject? This is a bad subject?
george: It's not that I want to keep talking about it? just think that the subject should resolve itself based on its own momentum.
george: (To himself) How am I gonna do this? I'm engaged to this woman? She doesn't even like me. Change the subject? Toilets were the subject. We don't even share the same interests.
george: I want your honest opinion about something.
george: No, you haven't. Well, maybe you have. What do I know.
george: All right. Okay, tell me what you think about this idea Extend the doors on the toilet stalls at Yankee Stadium all the way to the floor.
george: It's good, right?
george: You do?
george: Well, I told it to Susan before, and she didn't like it.
"george: Yeah. Not only that, this is what she said to me, ""Can we change the subject?"""
george: Right. I mean, we're on a subject. Why does it have to be changed?
"george: That's exactly what I said, except I used the word ""momentum""."
george: Same thing. My god, I'm getting married in December, do you know that?
george: Well, I don't see how I'm gonna make December. I mean, I need a little more time. I mean, look at me I'm a nervous wreck. My stomach aches. My neck is killing me. I can't turn. Look. Look.
george: Nah, it's not a good turn. December. December. Don't you think we should have a little more time just to get to know each other a little.
george: What, you think I could postpone it?
george: That's allowed? You're allowed to postpone it?
george: So, I could do that?
george: All right! All right. I'll tell you what. How about this? Got the date; March 21st, the first day of spring.
george: Huh? You know? Spring. Rejuvenation. Rebirth. Everything's blooming. All that crap.
george: She's not gonna like it.
george: You know, I think I'm a little bit scared of her. She's five-three, like a hundred pounds. I'm frightened to death of her.
george: Especially her. She does not like disappointment. Well, I have to do it. I can't make December. There's no way I can make December. Right? I mean, you can see that, right? I mean, look at me. Look. Look. Can I make December? I can't make December. Right? Look. Look.
george: March 21st. Hey! So, you're gonna back me on this, right?
george: You are a good friend. You know what? Even if you killed somebody I wouldn't turn you in.
george: Hi,
george: Good, good day. How was your day?
george: Oh, nothin' much. I went over to jerry's, uh, talked to Jerry.
george: The Lowers, really?
george: No, I want to go.
george: Oh, nothin' much, . . . talkin'. . . . Oh, oh, oh, did I have an unbelievable idea today!
george: Yeah, ha ha, It's not the toilets, it's not the toilets. It's something else. Are you ready for this?
george: Okay, how about this? All right, we get married March 21st, the first day of Spring.
george: No, no no it's not about postponing. I just think the first day of Spring is the perfect day to get married. You know, Spring! Rejuvenation! Rebirth! Everything is blooming all the
george: Still marry , still marry.
george: Sstill love. Still love.
george: No no no, no mistake, no mistake. No, no , listen, we're going to get married over Christmas, I It doesn't make any difference to me. It's fine. Really.
george: Yeah, yeah, sure, Christmas. Snow. Santa. All that stuff.
george: How did you know that?
george: I got to tell you I felt terrible. I really thought she was going to collapse and kill herself.
george: You see those tears streaming down you don't know what to do. It was like she was on fire and I was trying to put her out.
george: I didn't have any sex.
george: I didn't have make-up sex.
george: Yeah, conjugal visit sex. That is happening!
george: Did you here that? I can't believe this he's eating his sandwich.
george: This is amazing. (George gets up to leave and shake's man's hand) Thank you. Thank you very much. . . . I'm going back in! . . . You'll feel better (to woman)
george: (enters) Hi.
george: Good, good day. How was your day?
george: Oh, nothing much. You know, I went over to Jerry's. Talked to Jerry. Um, could I talk to you for a minute?
george: You see this is the thing. . . . (crying) I just feel . . . mumble, cry, mumble, . . . I'm scared. You and I together, (cry)
george: Yeah?
george: All right. (smiles behind her back)
george: Hey oh.
george: Alright, thanks a lot.
george: Oh, deserve! I don't know if I deserve...I mean...
george: Well, I guess I'm getting older.
george: Yeah.
george: Yeah. Thanks. Hey, listen, if you ever get a date, maybe the four of us could go out together sometime.
george: Wait, as a matter of fact, wasn't there some guy in your building that you said you liked? He lived up on the fifth floor or something.
george: Yeah! Boy, she is something, isn't she?
george: Nope. I wept like a baby.
george: Well, I started to tell her and then all of the sudden, for some reason, I just burst into tears.
george: I bawled uncontrollably. I just poured my guts out. And I'll tell you, Jerry, it was incredible. I never realized how powerful these tears are. I could have postponed it another five years if I wanted to.
george: Wait. Whoa! That's the Rabbi from Elaine's building. I just met this guy the other day.
george: And then I hear this rabbi on television, I mean imagine.
george: Ya know, I was just a little surprised.
george: What about all the loser stuff?
george: (Gets up to leave) Well, scintillating as always.
george: I'm going shopping with Susan.
george: Clothes shopping.
george: Ross'.
george: Yeah, it's her uncle's.
george: (As he leaves) One would hope.
george: I don't like it, it's red. It it's too flashy.
george: All right. Don't change me. Susan. Don't change me. Ya know there are a lot of woman that would love to be in your position right now.
george: See now this I don't get.
george: The security guard.
george: Why does he have to stand?
george: But I mean look at him. He's gotta be on his feet like that all day? That's brutal. I think I'm gonna say something to your uncle.
george: Aren't you concerned about the security guard?
george: (Thinking to himself) She's not concerned about the security guard. What kind of a person is this? I'm marrying a person who doesn't care that this man has to stand here 8 hours a day when he could easily be sitting.
george: Yeah. You like it.
george: Why, the color?
george: Too flashy?
george: (Obviously lying) No.
george: Let me ask you something. When you go into a store, does it bother you that they make the security guard just stand there all day?
george: See, didn't bother Susan either. That's why I'm different. I can sense the slightest human suffering.
george: Let me just say this. It is inhumane to make a man stand on his feet, in one spot for eight hours a day. Why shouldn't he have a chair?
george: What, he can't jump out of the chair? How long does that take? Here look at this. (he moves to the end of the booth) Here, watch. (stands up) Criminals. Boom. I'm up. (pretends he's shooting) Stop It! Stop It! Stop It!
george: Would you get out of here. Who's gonna turn down a chair? I would be very interested to know how he felt about all of this. Maybe I'll have a talk with him.
george: Who?
george: (Very loud in the direction of a waiter) I'm gonna need a coffee here. Very hot! Boiling!
george: (To guard) Tired?
george: How come uh, no chair?
george: I, I couldn't help but notice that uh you don't have a chair.
george: No I didn't mean to imply that you did. You're obviously a very well proportioned individual. I was just wondering, have they ever offered you a chair?
george: Would you like a chair?
george: Ah ha, Ah ha. You would, wouldn't you?
george: That's exactly my point.
george: Cause I tell you, frankly, I would like to walk in hear one day and find you sitting down. (Starts to walk out of the store) That would give me a lot of pleasure. Call me crazy.
george: Who?
george: Bob Cobb?
george: Oh I missed the Maestro?
george: Huh. Your renting a house in Tuscany?
george: So what do you care?
george: Of course he is. There's got to be houses for rent in Tuscany. Do you know how big Tuscany is?
george: It it's huge. It's probably like North Dakota.
george: It's a big region.
george: I don't know why I bother even talking to you.
george: All right.
george: So I spoke to the security guard.
george: Well it's tough to get a good read but I think if I brought him a chair, he'd sit.
george: Yup. It's really just a question of what kind. Thinking about a bar stool.
george: Oh I think I'd go for the back.
george: I suppose he could swivel. Hey maybe one of those director's chairs. What do you think of those.
george: You mean one of those vinyl things?
george: Vinyl yeah, maybe.
george: Yeah, good luck. Hey I'll meet you outside.
george: What do you think about a rocking chair?
george: What's your name?
george: I'm engaged to Mr. Ross' niece. I'm probably gonna be taking over this whole place someday so if I were you I would stay on my good side.
george: Innocent mistake.
george: Well, here you go. What do you think?
george: Hey, I'm his nephew, all right? Don't worry about it. Go ahead. Check it out.
george: Your wake up guy asked you out?
george: Now you're off on a topic.
george: You see I disagree. I'd rather be dating the blind. You know you could let the house go. You could let yourself go. A good looking blind woman doesn't even know you're not good enough for her.
george: ( rubbing his eye) Ow, Ow you squirted me.
george: Boy, it stings.
george: No.
george: No, not that I know of. (winks)
george: Morgan? No. He's doing a great job. (winks)
george: No problem here.
george: I had no idea.
george: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's from that grapefruit that Jerry squirted at me.
george: Yeah, yeah. You must have squirted a piece of pulp in it too.
george: Pulp can move, Baby! Why didn't you eat a real breakfast?
george: Wait a minute. I must have been winking down at the office. That's why Mr. Wilhelm was acting so mysteriouso.
george: Hu, oh. No he thought I was hiding something from him about Morgan.
george: Yeah.
george: It's an inter-office envelope. It get passed around all over the office.
george: Yeah, like I'm going to risk my job with the New York Yankees to make a few extra bucks. (winks)
george: Is that the lovely Mrs. Morgan?
george: Birthday card?
george: Oh ah, I uh, will have that for you by after lunch.
george: Of course. Your massage. (winks) Enjoy your massage. (winks)
george: Hey, Mr. Morgan how was your massage?
george: Really?
george: Hey, listen don't oversleep. You can't afford to be late again.
george: Geez, Hey you know something, you should try my friend's wake up service. She swears by this thing.
george: Ah, not yet.
george: Yes sir!
george: You got the Yankee envelope?
george: oh,
george: Hey, he,
george: What is this?
george: Who told you to sell the card?
george: No I didn't!
george: I was not winking you idiot. That was the grapefruit. It's like acid. I need that card back. It's Mr. Steinbrenner's. I was responsible.
george: Well get it back! It's very important. (winks)
george: (holds eyes wide open) Get it back!
george: He's not here?
george: It's impossible. I got him a wake up service.
george: . . . gone?
george: I don't want Morgan's job. He's got a lot of work to do. Hey, Elaine, your friend never woke up Mr. Morgan.
george: Napkins?
george: What exactly is mutton?
george: No, that's right, I didn't. I take full responsibility for the card not being here. I, uh, . . .
george: You wanted to see me, Mr. Steinbrenner?
george: Oh, no, not just me, the whole organization. Especially Mr. Morgan.
george: Oh no, Morgan is a good man sir.
george: Wa, uh, thank you sir, you know I am not quite sure I'm right for it.
george: I know.
george: I know.
george: That's what I'm afraid of. You know Mr. Steinbrenner, . . .
george: This catalog is all about how to score in a foreign country.
george: Not that much.
george: Yeah, when the season starts. Right now, I sit around pretending that I'm busy.
george: I always look annoyed. Yeah, when you look annoyed all the time, people think that you're busy. Think about it... (acts annoyed for 3 seconds).
george: I know what I'm doin'. In fact Mr. Wilhelm gave me one of those little stress dolls. All right. (gets up) Back to work. (acts annoyed and leaves)
george: I'll tell you what happened. I bet he got the AM/PM mixed-up.
george: uh-uh. What's with the bucket?
george: You put a hot tub... in your living room?
george: Is that tolerable?
george: He uh...doesn't have any running water?
george: Eh...come oooon...(starts stabbing the paper with the pen. Mr. Wilhelm comes in)
george: Well...I've got a lot to do!
george: (smiling) Well, we're certainly glad that you could make it.
george: Oh yes, Mr.Wilhelm, yeah...
george: Oh yeah, al-almost. Almost.
george: Well...maybe not as much as this bastard... (points at Zeke, they all laugh) I can hold my own! (they all continue laughing and drinking)
george: Hey, you bastards.
george: I really like those sons of bitches.
"george: Yeah! That's how they talk. You know, everyone's either a bastard or a son of a bitch. Yeah, it's like uh...""boy, that son of a bitch Box can really hit, uh?!"" (laughs)"
george: Yeah, yeah. That's how they talk in the major league. (laughs)
george: What's goin'on?
george: Hello?
george: (laughs) Yeah, it's me. Is this Clayton?
george: What are they doin' lettin' you bastards on an airplane? Don't they know that's against FAA regulation?
george: Listen. I want you guys to send along those agreements the minute you land. Our boys can't wait to kick your butts!
george: You tell that son of a bitch no Yankee is ever comin' to Houston. Not as long as you bastards are running things.
george: (Mr.Wilhelm comes in and hears George yelling) You tell that son of a bitch no Yankee is ever comin' to Houston! Not as long as you bastards are running things!
george: Mr.Wilhelm...
george: Well I-I...
george: Whoa...it's like a furnace in here!
george: Well what's in this giant box out in the hall?
george: It's huge!
george: (Jerry is going to his bedroom) What?
george: Jean-Paul?
george: You wanted to see me, Mr.Steinbrenner?
george: Oh no, Mr.Steinbrenner, I can explain...
george: (bored to death) Well, I-I just recently uh...
george: All right. So, what theatre you wanna go to tonight? We got 61st and 3rd or 84th and Broadway.
george: All right, shmoopies...what's it gonna be? Pick a theater.
george: Hey.
george: Yes. Please. Please, let's go.
george: Oh, there's a soup stand, Kramer's been going there.
george: All right. All right. Let's - let's go over that again.
george: All right. So, you hold out your money, speak your soup in a loud, clear voice, step to the left and receive.
george: This line is huge.
george: Isn't that that Bania guy?
george: Whoop! Too late. I think he picked up the scent.
george: Medium turkey chili.
george: I didn't get any bread.
george: Um, excuse me, I - I think you forgot my bread.
george: $2? But everyone in front of me got free bread.
george: Yes, please.
george: What?
george: You know, I don't see how you can sit there eating that and not even offer me any?
george: Why can't we share?
george: Do you hear yourself?
george: Well, I gotta go back there and try again. Hi Sheila.
george: I'm going.
george: You know what? I changed my mind. I, uh, I don't think so.
george: I just don't feel like it anymore.
george: Just like that.
george: No. I didn't get it.
george: I made a mistake.
george: All right. Well, we'll see what happens to you.
george: Yeah. Hey, let ask you something. Is it just me, or - or do you find it unbearable to be around Jerry and that girl?
george: Why do they have to do that in front of people?
george: What is that with the shmoopy?
george: The shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmmopy, shmoopy!
george: I had to listen to a five minute discussion on which one is actually called shmoopy.
george: And I cancelled plans to go to the movies with them tonight.
george: You know, we absolutely should.
george: I don't know. He can be so weird sometimes.
george: I still haven't figured him out.
george: All right. Shh! I gotta focus. I'm shifting into soup mode.
george: Good afternoon. One large crab bisque to go. Bread. Beautiful.
george: Sorry. Thank you.
george: Oh, this is fabulous. My God Elaine, you have to taste this.
george: Hup! Hup!
george: Hello.
george: Hello.
george: Were you just talking about me? What's going on?
george: Something's going on here.
george: So, how was the movie?
george: Oh, yeah?
george: Happy? Why should I be happy?
george: Why should I care?
george: All right. I am happy, and I'll tell ya why -- because the two of you were making me and every one of your friends sick! Right, Elaine?
george: Yeah. Yeah. With all that kissing and the shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy, shmoopy out in public like that. It's disgusting!
george: People who do that should be arrested.
george: Ye - yeah. And we had a pact, you know.
george: You shook my hand in that coffee shop.
george: Mmm-hmm. You reneged.
george: Ah-ha!
george: Oh, yes. Hello.
george: No, thanks.
george: Yes. Well -- So, uh, sit on the same side at a booth, huh?
george: I, uh, just think it's a little unusual. Two people to sit on one side...and leave the other side empty.
george: Ahh. Good for you.
george: I don't know, honey. What do you want to get? [in babying voice] I want you to get anything you want...'cause I love you so much. I want you to be happy. Okay, sweetie?
george: Well, I could be a little sweetie tweetie weetie weetie.
george: Come here.
george: How much tip do you leave on $8.15?
george: Huh?
george: Oh, yes. I - I'm your baby bluey.
george: Really?
george: You did?
george: Yeah. See ya.
george: Yeah, I better grab some too.
george: You sure?
george: My code?
george: No. No way.
george: It says very clearly, 'for your protection, do not give your secret code to anyone.'
george: Why does everything have to be 'us'? Is there no 'me' left? Why can't there be some things just for me? Is that so selfish?
george: Have you ever given your code to anyone?
george: Superman's father on Krypton.
george: No. I am not giving my code to anyone for any reason.
george: If you're in some situation where some fast cash will save your life, I'll give you the code.
george: What's the matter with your leg?
george: How'd your foot fall asleep?
george: Hey Fred.
george: Alright, bye.
george: Why? Why is my code so important?
george: Well I'm sure you have secrets from me. I don't know anything about your cycles.
george: Yeah, I never know what's going on there.
george: Please.
george: We're out of Bosco!
george: Where we gonna eat?
george: Peterman? Nobody mentioned anything about Peterman.
george: No way.
george: I don't even know Peterman. How the hell am I gonna relax? I'm gonna have to be on all night. I don't like being on, Jerry, I would much rather be off.
george: Call the Embassy.
george: Why?
george: We're in Turkey?
george: My card won't work there; they're not on the Plus system.
george: (grabbing lapels) J. Crew.
george: What's going on? He still wants to have dinner with us?
george: What, is he crazy?
george: I've got nothing, I-I-I-I'm blank.
george: I'm choking!
george: Howbout sports? Do you follow sports?
george: You know, this is very nice, but I really could take a cab. Really.
george: I'm, uh, George Costanza. I was having dinner with your son.
george: Yeah. What time is it?
george: Who?
george: Hi. I-I really should be getting back to my fianc, you know, we, uh, we had this big fight yesterday and, uh, well she, she wants to-to know my secret code. I-I don't know, I can't tell her. The funny thing is, you know, I would really love to tell someone 'cause it's killing me. You uh, you wanna know what it is? It's Bosco. You know, the chocolate syrup? I love that stuff, I pour it in milk, it's my favorite drink. Hoo-hoo, boy, that is a relief!
george: Oh, shhh.
george: Shut up! Shut up!
george: You know this whole thing never would have happened if you hadn't bailed out on me at the restaurant.
george: Well why couldn't you include me in your excuse?
george: I froze. I think I'm losing it.
george: No, no. I reached down and there was *nothing* there.
george: Now Peterman wants me to go to the funeral.
george: I am not giving you my code.
george: Pssh. Yeah. Right.
george: Huh?
george: Get out of here.
george: I'm leaving.
george: I gotta go.
george: Shut up!
george: Shut up!
george: What was that?
george: You just checked your watch. Are you thinking of bailing on him?
george: Mothers say things. My mother goes babbling on and on like a crazy person.
george: Uh, yes, actually we-we both do.
george: Well, personal, I mean, we both uh...
george: Yes, and I'm speaking at a men's' conference.
george: I don't have my ATM card.
george: What?! Why?
george: But I-I-I-
george: Hm. Thanks.
george: Hm?
george: The Rogue's Wallet. That's where he kept his card, his dirty little secret. Short, devious, balding. his name was Costanza. He killed my mother.
george: Let me ask you a question. Who would win in a fight between you and me?
george: Well if you and I ever got into, like a really serious fight you know, and the punches started flying -- who do you think would win?
george: Yeah. Me too.
george: Ah-Ha! (he turns and walks over to the refrigerator)
george: Pull hair, Poke eyes, Groin stuff. Whatever I gotta do. (he opens a blue bottled beverage)
george: Would I want to see what Mary Todd wore to Lincoln's funeral?
george: I wonder if, ah, Susan ... (picks up the phone from the coffee table, then decides not to call) No. I better just go. (claps hands) heh. All right! See ya. (grabs his rain coat from the hook by the door and rushes out)
george: Hello?
george: Hey Elainie. What's going on?
george: Ha, Yeah right, hang on, Ill ah, Ill get her for you. he, he, he, he. Seriously, what's up?
george: Susan, why?
george: Oh, I don't think you want to do that.
george: Well what would be the point of that?
george: Where did this come from all of a sudden?
george: I really think I should have been consulted about this.
george: Here ... something.
george: By the way, have you spoken to Elaine yet today?
george: (sighs) She called Susan last night.
george: How do you know?
george: Your idea?
george: Whad you do that for?
george: Well that was a really stupid thing! You know what's going to happen now?
george: Whe ... Well yeah!
george: YES! It Blows Up! If you knew that, what did you tell Elaine for?
george: You couldn't figure out the World's Theory for yourself? It's just common sense. Anybody knows, ya gotta keep your worlds apart. (gesturing with hands going outward)
george: Hey.
george: He knows the worlds theory.
george: Ha! (grabs his coat and exits the apartment)
george: You know, uh, she has no female friends! You know that, don't cha? Something strange about a woman whos friends are all men.
george: You talked all about that?
george: Did you just say vault?
george: You got that from Elaine.
george: Well it's a little strange. You going to start to talk like Elaine from now on?
george: Wed all go to movie on Friday?
george: This is not good. World's are colliding! George is getting upset!
george: Ah you have no idea of the magnitude of this thing. If she is allowed to infiltrate this world, then George Costanza as you know him, Ceases to Exist! You see, right now, I have Relationship George, but there is also Independent George. That's the George you know, the George you grew up with -- Movie George, Coffee shop George, Liar George, Bawdy George.
george: Me Too! And he's Dying Jerry! If Relationship George walks through this door, he will Kill Independent George! A George, divided against itself, Cannot Stand!
george: You're Killing Independent George! You know that, don't you?
george: You know what word Susan used last night? Hnuh. Vault! hu,
george: She got that from you!
george: Is she the only girl in the whole world? Why can't you get find your own girl?
george: You see (to Jerry). You see. You see what Im talking about. It's all just slipping away. And you're letting it happen. (exits -- slamming the door)
george: One, two ... three, four.
george: Ha Ho! (he turns and walks out the door)
george: What the hell is this? George, Elaine and I went to see Chunnel ... with Jerry. With Jerry, huh? With Jerry! Great. Great! (dials phone) Probably went to the 84th St. That's where I always go with Jerry.
george: Come on. Come on.
george: What?
george: Chunnel ?
george: Lowes Paragon, 84th and Broadway.
george: Yeah, now I gotcha! (hangs up the phone and rushes out the door)
george: Jerry ... Where are you? I know you like to sit back here. Elaine! Susan!
george: Susan! Jerry! Where are you? I know you're there! Answer me!
george: Hey. Hey. Answer me! Come on, show yourselves!
george: Drink your soda! Come on! I know you're there, laughing at me. Laughing and lying and laughing! I had to go to Reggies, Jerry! Reggies!
george: Where are you!
george: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Chunnel . Susan!
george: Two theaters?
george: Oh. Sorry.
george: I know they're in there, the three of them, laughing at me. Together, laughing and lying.
george: They're -- They're killing independent George! And they're, they're all in on it! World's are colliding!
george: Not as thin as you think.
george: The tag, huh?
george: Let me tell you something about that tag. It's no 31, and uh...let's just leave it at that.
george: He scratches off a 32 and he puts in 31.
george: Well, this is the Jerry Seinfeld that only I know. I can't believe I just told you that.
george: Well, Jerry doesn't want anyone to know.
george: Where did you get that from?
george: I never heard of that.
george: I've coupled! I've coupled!
george: This is totally different! That was my secret, this is Jerry's secret! There's...there's attorney-client priveleges here! If I play it by your rule, no one'll ever confide in me again, I'll be cut out of the loop!
george: Hey.
george: I had a fight with Susan.
george: Oh...(is about to tell Jerry, but reconsiders) ...clothing, something, I dunno. So, uh, what are you doing today?
george: Lena, how'd you meet her?
george: You met her a few weeks ago, but...?
george: So, uh...wanna double?
george: Well, I just had a fight - I need a group dynamic.
george: Just for these sponges?
george: I dunno.
george: I, uh...figure it's something. (Kramer enters.)
george: Yeah, the oceans really are getting very sudsy.
george: I'd get tired of it.
george: Mick Jagger.
george: Oh, well, I'm sure you can reach her...she's a poet. What does a poet need an unlisted number for?
george: What are you looking at me like that for?
george: What are you talking about?
george: I know, but don't say anything to anyone. He told me not to tell you.
george: Well, you know, I was thinking about what you said before, and...you're right, I've never really been a couple, so...if that's the rule, then I'm gonna go by the rule.
george: So, you wanna go home and...make up, officially?
george: What for?
george: Oh, o.k., yeah. Where am I gonna park here...? (Pulls over.)
george: Me run in? Why don't you run in?
george: Of course I do.
george: You know. You use the, uh...(mutters something unintelligible under his breath.)
george: You know, the uh...(mutters it again.)
george: Wait, wait a minute...they don't have them anymore. I just found out, they just took them off the market.
george: Yeah, so you gotta use something else.
george: O.k....(thinks) I think I know where we can get one.
george: Elaine? It's me, George. (Elaine opens the door.) Hey, sorry to bother you so late. (To Billy) Hey! How ya doin.' (To Elaine) Uh, did you get any of those sponges?
george: Well...Susan.
george: Susan loves the sponge.
george: What?
george: Elaine...let me just explain something to you. See, this is not just a weekend routine...I'm on the verge of make-up sex here. You know about make-up sex?
george: Elaine, can I just explain something to you very privately here? Susan and I have been together many, many times now, and just between you and me, there's really no big surprises here, so...make-up sex is all that I have left.
george: Really? How'd she do that?
george: My Susan?
george: Because, Jerry, it's a couple rule! We have to tell each other everything!
george: What?
george: You're cutting me off? No, no, no Jerry, don't cut me off!
george: C'mon Jerry, please! It won't happen again.
"george: Hey, a ""hit"" is a totally different story."
george: So, Lena was upset, huh?
george: What, it didn't bother her?
george: What?
george: Too good...
george: I see what you mean.
george: Where's the depravity?
george: You know, you're nuts with these sponges. George is gettin' frustrated!
george: Elaine and her sponges...she's got like, a war chest full of them.
george: Oh, no, no...condoms are for single men. The day that we got engaged, I said goodbye to the condom forever.
george: Make-up sex? You have to have that right after the fight, we're way past that.
george: No, no...I hate the condom.
george: I can never get the package open in time.
"george: It's not that easy. It's like ""Beat The Clock,"" there's a lot of pressure there."
george: I'm trying, dammit.
george: I tried to tear it from the side, you can't get a good grip here. You gotta do it like a bag of chips.
george: Would you wait a second? Just wait? (They fight over it.)
george: Well, I can see that. What do you have to do that for? Who cares about your pants size?
george: I'd kill to be a 32.
george: That condom killed me. Why do they have to make the wrappers on those things so hard to open?
george: You never run out, do you? (Jerry smiles.) Where's Kramer? Everything's finished here.
george: Hey, where's you AIDS ribbon?
george: You think she's happy?
george: (indicates with his head) The cashier.
george: (surprised) You know her name?
george: I don't think I've ever spoken to her.
george: (gesturing with flyer) With Spartacus?
george: Why would I spend seven dollars to see a movie that I could watch on TV?
george: Lloyd Braun? What d'you have to meet him for?
george: Really?
george: (thoughtful) Breakdown, huh?
george: Hello, Lloyd. How you doing?
george: I don't chew gum.
george: You know what? I think this Ruthie Cohen gave me the wrong change. Didn't I pay with a twenty? I'm sure I paid with a twenty.
george: Hey.
george: (almost gleeful) After Dinkins lost the election, he had a complete nervous breakdown. They had to lock him up.
george: The whole time that I was growing up, all I ever heard from my mother was 'Why can't you be more like that Lloyd Braun?'
george: Right, gotta get going.
george: Nah, I gotta deliver some Christmas presents to my parents.
george: Why d'you think I'm going now?
george: Hey, Mr Lazzari.
george: Yeah, yeah. Just delivering some presents to my folks.
george: Yeah, eighty-three. Used to belong to John Voight.
george: Something like that.
george: Oh, no no no no. Go ahead, Pop, you always knew your cars.
george: Hey Deena, come on, give us a hug. (they hug) Oh my gosh, you look as pretty as you did back in high school.
george: Yeah, yeah. Speaking of crazy, did you hear about Lloyd Braun?
george: I know. Completely bonkers!
george: Pop? What happened to Pop?
george: (a little worried) He uh, he doesn't have the auto shop any more?
george: (very worried) Uhm, I, I gotta go.
george: I just remembered, I gotta be someplace. Yuh-hu-hur, that's enough. Pop. Pop, put down the wrench, Pop.
george: Pop! POP!!
george: 'scuse me. I uh, I was in here this morning and uh, I believe I paid you with a twenty dollar bill, (smiles) but you only gave me change for a ten.
george: Oh, I think so, and I can prove it. You see, I was doodling on the bill and uh, so if you have a twenty in there with big lips on it... well, (smiles) that's mine. Would you mind opening up the register?
george: Fine, I'll buy a pack of gum.
george: I don't.
george: I know I gave it to you.
george: (frustrated) Fine. Fine. (to customer) Excuse me. (heading for the door) Think I'm gonna forget about this? I haven't forgotten about this. I don't forget that easily!
george: Well, you know. (grins, snorts) It's understandable.
george: Warning signs?
george: (disbelief) What? (laugh) Wh... what're you talking about? I'm not the one with the problem. (defensive) Lloyd Braun was in the nuthouse, not me.
george: All my friends do that.
george: You see that woman on the horse? (points)
george: She stole twenty dollars from me. (getting angry) Yeah, I might've gotten it back, but Lloyd Braun interfered!
george: (rising to his feet) Hey! Hey, you! (setting off after her) Come back here!! Don't gallop away!!
george: I'm telling you, that cashier is riding horses on my money.
george: (glances in mirror) Alright. Alright.
george: (getting annoyed) Hang on, it's warming up!
george: (angrily) Oh you mother...
george: Hey! What is your problem?
george: Oh, hello, it's you! (angry) Listen lady, I got six minutes left on that meter, and I'm not budging til you admit you stole my twenty dollars. (smug) Huh-hu-hur, you're not so tough when you're not on your horse, are you Ruthie?
george: Aah! Fire!
george: (shouting) Fire!!
george: Your hose! Where's your hose?!
george: The Jon Voight car is no more.
george: No kidding?
george: Hey, thanks. I owe you a big one.
george: (staring at the wreck) Whatever.
george: You saw him. He was fiddling with the engine. God knows what he did there.
george: No, not Lloyd Braun. But the cashier.
george: You remember the woman on the horse? She wanted my spot.
george: No, she wasn't on the horse.
george: That's right.
george: (points) And him!
george: Yeah, yeah, the flower guy. Listen, I know this all sounds a little crazy, but...
george: I can't believe it. Look, that's Jerry Seinfeld.
george: Jerry Seinfeld. My best friend. He can explain all of this. (calls to Jerry) Jerry.
george: Jerry! Over here Jerry. It's me!
george: Jerry, where y'going? It's... what're...
george: Yeah, yeah, but he doesn't wear glasses.
george: I know. Don't you see. (emphatic) He was doing it to fool Lloyd Braun!
george: Look, Deena, I know you think I'm crazy, but I'm not. This is just a series of bad coincidences.
george: Believe me, I am not crazy.
george: Yeah, yeah. You really cashed in on that favor pretty quick.
george: (angry undertone) Oh, I'm gonna give you a Royal bearing. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Lemme get a pack of gum here.
george: (handing over a bill) Can I get a pack of gum, please?
george: What? Huh, so I had it all along. How d'you like that? (snorts) I guess I owe that cashier an apology.
george: No, no. Deena, it's not what you think.
george: Th... this isn't mine.
george: I got it from the Institute. The Institute.
george: (shouting) Dee... Deena!
george: Yeah. Yeah, one second.
george: All right. All right. Let's not get into panic mode! Let's not make a big deal outta this thing or we're never gonna get through this night.
george: My in-laws. Oh, my....
george: I think he should wear whatever tie he wants.
george: This is gonna be fun.
george: This is delicious, Mrs. Ross.
george: It's, uh, it's not a little chicken. (laughing) Little chicken. It's a gamebird.
george: Yeah.
george: She's, uh, she's heard of Merlot.
george: Why don't we talk about it another time.
george: Did anybody see Firestorm?
george: Yeah.
george: Oh mother of God.
george: Thank God that's over.
george: So, they didn't give you a piece of cake? Big deal.
george: What is this? The marble rye?
george: You stole the bread?
george: Because we brought it for them!
george: Maybe they forgot to put it out!
george: Yeah.
george: Why? Why? 'Cause he's off his rocker! That's why.
george: I don't know. They're all very suspicious.
george: Now, because of that stupid rye bread, I gotta keep them all separated for the rest of my life.
george: I'll tell you what I'd like to do. I'd like to replace that rye.
george: You know, you go out, you get another rye. Of course, it would have to be the same one from Schnitzer's. You put it in the kitchen somewhere and you say Ohh! There it is.
george: What's so hard about that? How am I supposed to get it in there? I can't just walk in with it. I have to get the Rosses out of the apartment!
george: So?
george: And it's their anniversary Friday night. I could send them for a hansom cab ride. Y -- you think they'd like that?
george: So, they go off for the ride, by the time they come back the bread is there.
george: She's working late that night. We're - were supposed to have dinner with everybody at eight o'clock so I'll set up the ride for seven o'clock.
george: You think Kramer'll do it?
george: Yeah. Just take 'em out and ride 'em around for about..half an hour.
george: Hold on. Hold on. Wait a minute. How am I gonna get the rye bread into the apartment?
george: Have you ever seen a Schnitzer's rye? It - it's huge!
george: Oh, this is all locking in now. It is all locking in! (laughing)
george: What? He's outside?
george: Aw, come on. I wanna go see him.
george: Yeah. Hey! Hey!
george: Hey, Lainey, wanna see the horsey?
george: Aw, well, you know, it's your anniversary. It's - it's the least I can do. I - I just want you guys to go out and have a good time. Ha ha. So, you think we should, uh, we should get downstairs?
george: Oh, no. No. No. No. No. Nothing. I'm fine. Everything's fine. Fine. Just get a little nervous on the weekends, that's all. Could I, uh, could I get a glass of water?
george: (thinking) Oh my God, it's 701. What have I done? My whole plan is depending on Kramer? Have I learned nothing? How could I make such a stupid mistake? He'll never show up!
george: There he is. Right on time as usual.
george: (whistling)
george: Wha - what happened? What are you doing back so soon?
george: What the hell happened?
george: Beef-A-Reeno? You fed the horse Beef-A-Reeno?!
george: (muttering)
george: Jerry! Up here!
george: I can't come out. They're standing right by the door. Throw it up!
george: Yeah. Yeah. It's the only way. Come on. What are you, kidding me?
george: Come on!
george: (grunting) Hey! Hey, wait a second. I got an idea.
george: Come on! Come on!
george: Come on. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. (grunting)
george: How? Cause Im an Idiot.
george: I was going to, but then I found out that the auto club has this free locksmith service, so I signed up. Just waiting for the membership to kick in.
george: I don't know, about three days.
george: Are the courses open?
george: Huh, No kidding?
george: How ya doin'?
george: Yeah.
george: (he drops a paper airplane he was holding) Mr. Wilhelm!
george: Assistant to the General Manager!! Do you know what means?!? He'd could be askin' my advice on trades! Trades, Jerry, I'm a heartbeat away!
george: And, it is all because of that car
george: See, Steinbrenner is like the first guy in, at the crack of dawn. He sees my car, he figures I'm the first guy in
george: Then, the last person to leave is Wilhelm. He sees my car, he figures I'm burning the midnight oil. Between the two of them, they think I'm working an 18 hour day! (he stands there with his hands on his hips, a wide grin - laughing.)
george: Hey, how ya doing?!?
george: Ah, that is disgusting--
george: Shes a pig. The woman's a pig, what wrong with her--
george: It's disgusting--
george: Come on! Come-on.
george: No, no, she might just think its a gift.
george: Ahh, Hey-Ho. ahhhhh (exhales)
george: Yeah, well I'm thinking about getting out of town with Susan for a few days....Her parents rebuilt the cabin!
george: Yeah well, they won't know. I got the car there.
george: My presence, in that office, can only hurt my chances.
george: This is the life! Isn't it, huh, kid?
george: Yeah, maybe. (snifs)Where'd you get that?
george: (on a pay phone) Hey, hey, it's George, I need ya to do me a favor.
george: I just remembered, th-th-there's this Chinese restaurant out near Yankee Stadium, that puts flyers on all the cars.
george: Alright, this is what ya gotta do I need ya to go out to the parking lot at Yankee Stadium, take the flyers off my car.
george: Alright, fine.I'll drive the 3 hours each way, 6 hours all together, and take 'em off myself!!
george: I think I got it. How 'bout this? How 'bout this? We trade Jim Leyritz and Bernie Williams, for Barry Bonds, huh? Whadda ya think? That way I have Griffey and Bonds, in the same outfield! Now you got a team! Ha ha ha.
george: Oh, would ya stop worrying?
george: Jerry took the flyers off the car, I got the whole thing covered.
george: What?
george: Dead?
george: My cars a little crumpled?!?
george: Allright, I gotta head back right away, I'll-Ill -- I gotta figure something out here.
george: I can't, Steinbrenner might still be there!
george: OOuuoo! They could use the break!
george: Mr. Steinbrenner--
george: Yeah, it's me sir. It's been a harrowing few days. uuh,After the car accident, I-I crawled into a ditch, and managed to survive on, grubs and puddle water, until a kindly old gentleman picked me up.
george: Anyway, as I was lying in the puddle, I-I think I may have found a way for us to get Bonds and Griffey, and we wouldn't have to give up that much.
george: I didn't get the job?
george: (through mouthful of food) So, Carrie, you and Susan are cousins. So your baby daughter is gonna be Susan's second cousin, right? So what does that make me?
george: (jokingly) Well, so, legally, I could marry your daughter.
george: (negative) Hu-ho, boy.
george: Ech. What else you got?
george: Aw c'mon, I'm eating here.
george: Pamela?! Awright, I tell you what. You look like nice people, I'm gonna help you out. You want a beautiful name? Soda.
george: Soda. S-O-D-A. Soda.
george: All names sound strange the first time you hear 'em. What, you telling me people loved the name Blanche the first time they heard it?
george: Yeah, that's right. It's working.
george: I solve problems. That's just what I do.
george: I think they really went for that Soda.
george: Ah, alright. Believe me, that kid's gonna be called Soda.
george: Oh, no no no. Course not. I got a great name for our kids. A real original. You wanna hear what it is? Huh, you ready?
george: No, Seven.
george: Yeah. It's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl...
george: ...especially a girl. Or a boy.
george: What, you don't like the name?
george: I know. It's Mickey Mantle's number. So not only is it an all around beautiful name, it is also a living tribute.
george: (angry) Well, that's the name!
george: (yelling) Awright, let's just stay calm here! Don't get all crazy on me!
george: (adamant) Yes I am. I defy you to come up with a better name than Seven.
george: Alright, you having a good time there?
george: (shouts) Awright already!! This is a very key issue with me, Jerry. I had this name for a long time.
george: Christie? That's the one you met in the antique store?
george: And you met her in an antique store! I don't know how you do it!
george: The same outfit?
george: How many days was it between encounters.
george: Three days. Well, maybe you caught her on the cusp of a new wash cycle. You know, she did laundry the day after she met you, everything got clean and she started all over again.
george: Maybe she moved it up in the rotation.
george: Very curious.
george: You know, Einstein wore the exact same outfit every day.
george: (picking up his coat) Awright, I'm heading home.
george: (standing) Not yet, but she's weakening.
george: It's Mickey Mantle, Jerry. My idol.
george: 'Mickey'? (incredulous) 'Mickey'!
george: Aw c'mon. It's a fantastic name. It's a real original, nobody else is gonna have it and I absolutely love it.
george: Why not?
george: So, what're you saying?
george: (disbelief) What?! They're stealing the name?! That's my name, I made it up!
george: (anger) Well now it's not gonna be original! It's gonna lose all its cachet!
george: (rage) Oh, it's got cachet, baby! It's got cachet up the yin-yang!
george: Hello, Ken. It's George Costanza. I think we need to talk.
george: It's my name. I made it up. You can't just steal it.
george: Hey, hey hey. Don't worry about me. I'm not a waffler. I don't waffle!
george: (shouting) What happened to Soda?! I thought we all agreed on Soda.
george: You don't care for Soda?!
george: (shouting) How d'you not like Soda?! It's bubbly, it's refreshing!
george: What about Six?
george: Nine. Thirt... thirteen's no good.
george: Fourteen. (shouting after Ken) Fourteen!
george: (to Carrie) You know, the thing is, I kinda promised the widow Mantle that I would name my baby Seven.
george: (to Carrie) It's just that, I know her, and boy...
george: (angry shout) So am I!
george: (to Carrie) You know, you're really being very selfish. It would be nice if you would think of someone other than yourself every now and then!
george: (desperate) Please! I have so little!
george: I'm family. I'm having sex with the cousin!
george: Seven!!
george: Hey.
george: Have you seen Jerry? (sitting beside Elaine) I told him two o'clock.
george: (distracted) Mm? (acknowledges Katy) Oh, hi. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We met uh, skiing that time. You're uh, married to the eye guy.
george: Nose. (chuckles) What's the worst that can happen to a nose? What does it get? Stuffed? (chuckles)
george: Ahh, ladies, please, please. (chuckles)
george: What? Is that bad?
george: Oh-ho, yeah?
george: (curious) Bald? Uh?
george: Loves bald? (laughs) Wow. Who uh, who is she?
george: (taken aback) The actress?
george: You're friends with Marisa Tomei?
george: (getting excited) That's, that's incredible. My Cousin Vinnie, I love her, she was fantastic!
george: (more excitement) You were gonna fix me up with her?
george: (fever pitch) Marisa Tomei's sitting home, Elaine! Wh..why didn't you tell me that Katy was friends with Marisa Tomei?!
george: Really? Wow, you're quite the good son.
george: You gonna sleep on the fold-out?
george: Uh, let me ask you something. You uh, you ever hear of Marisa Tomei?
george: Yeah. She's uh, she's something, isn't she?
george: Well, you know Katy, Elaine's friend?
george: She happens to be very good friends with her.
george: Uh-hmm.
george: I don't know, I didn't ask.
george: Not the point!
george: Can I finish?
george: Alright! So, she said, that she could've fixed me up with her.
george: Well, you know, if I uh, wasn't engaged.
george: Coulda fixed me up with Marisa Tomei. She said I was just her type!
george: (getting animated) Yeah. Yeah. You know the odds of me being anyone's type?! I have never been anyone's type, but apparently, this Marisa Tomei loves funny, quirky, bald men.
george: (sarcasm) Hu-hu, like I don't know that? (excitement) My Cousin Vinnie, I love that! I, George Costanza, could be on a date with an Oscar winner! An Oscar winner, Jerry! You know what that's like? It's like if fifty years ago, someone fixed me up with Katherine Hepburn? Same thing!
george: I mean, you've seen her, right?
george: (shout) Marisa Tomei!
george: I mean, she's beautiful, right? She's just my type. The dark hair, the full lips.
george: Oh, I love full lips. Something you can really put the lipstick on.
george: (downcast) Yeah, too bad. Too bad.
george: Listen, lemme ask you a question. What if I got a cup of coffee with her?
george: (worked up) I can't have a cup of coffee with a person?! I'm not allowed to have coffee?!
george: (frustrated) Not necessarily.
george: (shouts) Of course there's something wrong! (points at Jerry) We had a pact!
george: Yeah.
george: I..I..I dunno.
george: (forcing a laugh) Hu, ha.
george: (whispering) Elaine, it's me, George.
george: (still quiet) Never mind, never mind. I need you to do me a favour. Uhm, remember what we were talking about at the coffee shop earlier?
george: (still quiet) Think, a second. You know, your friend was talking about me and, you know...
george: (still quiet) The actress.
george: (shouts) Marisa Tomei!
george: (calling to Susan) Uh, ah, nothing. Nothing.
george: Well, uhm, I think I'd like to do it.
george: A cup of coffee. That, that doesn't mean anything.
george: Elaine.
george: Elaine! (shouts) ELAINE!!
george: D'oh...Oh, oh, the judge! I hate this guy!
george: Yeah.
george: Kramer, there's a guy out here that...
george: (pointedly to Elaine) Oh. Thanks very much for yesterday, by the way.
george: (animated) Fixed up? A cup of coffee! A cup of coffee is not a fix up!
george: (defensive) So what? So what if I do?
george: (worked up) I'm aware! I'm aware!! But this is Marisa Tomei, Elaine. An Oscar winner! How can I live the rest of my life, knowing I coulda been with Marisa Tomei? She said I was just her type! She loves short, stocky, balding funny men!
george: Yeah, what the hell?!
george: (adamant) It's not cheating if there's no sex!
george: (frustrated) Ahh!
george: (pleading) Elaine, c'mon. Would you just make the call? (indicates the phone) Please, make the call.
george: (triumph) Alright.
george: (impatient) What about Marisa Tomei?!
george: Anyway, I was thinking about what you said. About uh, me and Marisa.
george: You know, about the uh, two of us getting together. And I know that I said I was engaged, but (laughs) uh, you know, it's really just something you say. It's like, going steady. You know uh, going steady, engaged, it's, it's all just stuff you say. (chuckles) Anyway, I was watching uh, My Cousin Vinnie, on the uh, on the tape the other day, and I was thinking that uh, you know, the two of us might take a meeting, as they say. (chuckles) So, what d'you, what d'you think?
george: (urgent) Move a pinkie, if it's yes. Can you move a pinkie?
george: (laughing it off and trying too hard) Yeah, yeah. I have a thing for Marisa Tomei. Like she would ever go out with a short, stocky, bald man. (forced laughter) Hu hu, ha ha. Like that's her type. Huh. She's an Oscar winner. (nervous laughter) He heh. Besides, I don't even know her. It's not like anyone's trying to fix us up. Who, who would try and fix me up with Marisa Tomei?
george: Not in the last fifteen minutes.
george: And I love you, Marisa.
george: (urgent whisper) Elaine! You have got to get me Marisa Tomei's phone number!
george: Yeahhh.
george: Marisa Tomei! I, just spoke to Marisa Tomei! (sitting opposite Elaine) And I wasn't even that nervous.
george: You know, I can't remember the last time I called a woman without being nervous. I, usually, I'm pacing all over the room, I'm...
george: Hey, where you going?
george: What? You can't leave yet.
george: We have to discuss my alibi.
george: I usually spend Saturday afternoons with Susan. She's gonna want to know what I'm doing. I can't use Jerry, he's in Florida.
george: Yes.
george: Wait a second, wait. Why are we together?
george: Because, if you ever see her and it comes up, we have to be in sync. Hmm?
george: Okay. Now, why do I have to see (points) you?
george: (dismissive) It's no good.
george: What?
george: Hey, hey, let's not get so defensive here. This is a give and take process.
george: (explaining, with lots of hand gestures) Okay, look. We've never worked together on a lie. Now, you don't understand how I work. I have a certain way of working. Jerry and I have worked together a few times. He knows how I work. It's not a personal thing, y'know? We're just trying to come up with the best possible lie. That's what this is all about.
george: Alright?
george: Okay.
george: Good.
george: Okay. How about this?
george: (pleased with himself) You are having problems with your boyfriend and I am meeting you to discuss the situation.
george: (still pleased) She doesn't know that. We say that you do.
george: It's good. Believe me.
george: The dentist thing?
george: Alright, the dentist thing was not good.
george: (after a moment's thought) Art Vandelay.
george: That's your boyfriend.
george: He's an importer.
george: (getting irritated) He's an importer-exporter. Okay?
george: (thoughtful) Yes. Yes.
george: It's very complicated.
george: Wha..? I didn't tell you? I gotta go meet Elaine.
george: I don't know. She..She's having some problems with this guy she's seeing.
george: Yeah, yeah. She's seeing this guy, Art Vandelay.
george: He's an importer-exporter.
george: (not happy delivering Elaine's lie) Well, he uh, he wants to uh, quit the exporting and uh, focus just on the importing. And it's a problem, because she thinks the exporting is as important as the importing.
george: (trying to laugh it off) Right. C'mon! I'm having an affair with Elaine?! If I was having an affair with Elaine, I wouldn't tell you I'm going to see Elaine. I would make up some other person to tell you I was gonna go see, and then I would go see Ela..Elaine.
george: ...So, anyway, if you think about it, manure is not really that bad a word. I mean, it's 'newer', which is good, and a 'ma' in front of it, which is also good. Ma-newer , right?
george: What, you think I'm doing material here?
george: (modest) And I'm a little tired.
george: Well, Marisa. See, the thing is... I'm sort of engaged.
george: I'm, you know, engaged.
george: Hi.
george: Matches? Long matches.
george: You know how hot it gets there? Like 150 degrees. Your skin is gonna be simmering with boils.
george: Hey, yeah. My parents want to come too, is that ok?
george: Uncle Leo's having regular sex?
george: Yeah, that is odd, isn't it?
george: I mean, they're retired.
george: They have no friends.
george: Yeah, they're all through ruining my life. What the hell are they still doing here? Lemme see this pamphlet. Hm. All right, so I'll, uh, get back to you.
george: Whew! Boy, it's cold outside, huh? Oh, these New York winters, huh. Bitter cold, bitter.
george: You know what the temperature in Florida is today? Eh? Seventy-nine. That's almost eighty. Yeah, I read someplace the life expectancy in Florida is eighty-one and in Queens, seventy-three.
george: What, I can't stop by and visit my parents? (Drops pamphlet on coffee table)
george: That's where the Seinfeld's are moving. They got a great deal. Yep. You know what they got in Florida? Jai-Alai! You bet on the games, you clean up.
george: What about the dolphins? You could swim with the dolphins down there.
george: You could pet them. They come right out of the water onto the sidewalks.
george: Rid? Nah, c'mon, the word is 'care'. Care. I care about your comfort, be it here in Queens or twelve-hundred miles away.
george: Hey, hey, how was Florida?
george: Big news?
george: (ecstatic) What? You're moving to Florida!?! That's wonderful! I'm so happy! (pause) For you! I'm so happy for you! Oh, what do you need this cold weather for?
george: What do you mean?
george: So you're moving there for spite!
george: That's right, who the hell are they? How dare they?!
george: Oh, every chance I get.
george: Jerry? Jerry! I'm busting! I'm busting!
george: My parents are moving to Florida!
george: Can you believe it? It's happening! It's finally happening! I'm free!!
george: Del Boca Vista!
george: I know!
george: Every five years!
george: I know, I know and you know *why* they're moving there?
george: To spite your parents!
george: Yeah!
george: I know, they're out of their minds! It's fantastic!
george: Beautiful!
george: I can't believe I didn't push for this sooner.
george: What?
george: What? Why?
george: Hey, I'm sorry, you had your buffer zone for many years. It's my turn to live, baby.
george: (Resenting the fact. Nodding) I am aware.
george: A billiard parlor?
george: Well, that's.. Elaine!
george: (Sliding over to make room for her) Sit down. Join us, please.
george: (Somewhat stern) Oh, the thing's cancelled. Sit down.
george: (Confused) What photo?
george: (Muttering out, not really wanting to talk about his family) When the Costanzas came here, one brother stayed behind.
george: I don't know what you're getting all riled up about. There are probably a million Costanzas-
george: Really? Why?
george: Who?
george: Yeah.. (Trying to remember) Poverotti.. Domingo.. and.. uh.. the other guy.
george: Hey, buddies.
george: Oh yeah.. (Starts to open it) Sally called Susan - said you guys really hit it off.
george: Pretty chintzy, huh? Considering the money she makes.. She's a big executive for Federal Express.
george: No, no. Forget it. I don't want it. Let's just get rid of it.
george: I doubt it. You know what he's doing now? He's putting a pool table in my old bedroom.
george: What's all this?
george: (Muttering to himself as he walks to the bedroom) More stuff..
george: Oh my God! What is that?!
george: (Staring at the doll) This doll (Pointing) looks like my mother.
george: I know it's a doll, but it looks like my mother!
george: What is this thing doing here?
george: Uh, I'm sorry, I can't do this..
george: I feel like I'm in bed with my mother.
george: (Sitting on the sofa) I'm on no sleep, bro.
george: (Muttering) Susan has the doll collection.. one of the dolls looks exactly like my mother.. she likes to sleep with it.
george: (Long pause) ..Felt like it. I tell you, this doll is pretty spooky. (Takes off his glasses, rubbing his eye) It's freakin' me out man. And now I got to go back out there and pick up this doormat.
george: I don't. Susan wants to have it out when Sally comes tomorrow.
george: Yeah, (Smiling) Susan said you'd be excited.
george: Susan's college roommate.
george: So call her up and tell her to bring you another one. She'll be delighted to talk to you.
george: You see?.. You see?!
george: Jerry, come on. If my mother keeps shrinking, this is exactly what she's gonna look like in ten years!
george: I tried! I almost threw it down the incinerator, but I couldn't do it. The guilt was too overwhelming. (Grabs the doll, opening the door to leave) Susan's so attached to this thing.
george: Hi, Elaine.
george: (Losing it) Don't tell me how to eat!
george: (Trying to keep it down) Because I like this one! (Notices people staring at him, he quickly gets up, collecting the his coat and the tiny replica) C'mon, let's go. Let's go! (On his way out, he stops in front of a woman blocking his path) Oh, hi.. (Embarrassed about the doll, he sheepishly walks out)
george: I just wanted a second opinion.
george: (To Susan) I told you it looked like her..
george: (joyful) June. It's June.
george: (high-fiving) Hey!
george: It's June.Mark's Michelle is a dog.
george: June, June, June.
george: (to passerby) Hey, he-hah. It's June, June.
george: It's Juu-uu-une! Hey hay. Yes.
george: I love Juu-uuu-uu-uune!
george: June. Juune, baby!
george: The catering hall screwed up. The wedding is delayed until June. It's like a stay of execution.
george: (pointing to Jerry in joyous agreement) Ha-ha-hah. This is my lucky day.
george: Yeah. Hey, wait a second, you know, good news for you too. Susan's best friend, Hallie? Broke up with her boyfriend.
george: Yeah.
george: In motion. The wheels are in motion.
george: Aah, hey. (enthusiastic) If this works out, forget about it. Vacations together, movies together, dinner together. It..it's almost as good as if I didn't get married.
george: The Friars Club?
george: (smiling) Ho ho. Funny. Isn't he funny? Funny guy. Ha ha ha.
george: Friars.
george: Hup, here we go. Here we go.
george: (adamant) Ah, c'mon! I'm telling you, I can coach for the NFL. It's not that hard
george: (to Jerry) Oh, get outta here.
george: (to Jerry) You watch the old videos. (insistent) I'm telling you, look at him.
george: Look...
george: (entering) Last night, huh? Was that something, or was that something?
george: Ah. She's great, isn't she?
george: I told you.
george: You think she could be an 'it'? Could she be an 'it'?
george: (claps hands triumphantly) We might have an 'it'!
george: She's got everything, right? (counts on his fingers) She's intelligent, she's smart, she's got a great sense of humour.
george: Well, she's smart. You take my word for it.
george: (gleeful) Hehee. W..we could be like the Gatsbys. Didn't they always like, you know, a bunch of people around, and they were all best friends?
george: No. So, tonight she's got tickets for that show she's been working on. The Flying Sandos Brother.
george: Great. Seven-thirty, alright?
george: Sure. So, uh, Jerry, there's an empty apartment in my building. If you and Hallie want, we could try and hold it, may...
george: What?
george: Won't be a problem...(mumbles)
george: A-ha, huh. (mumbles) tours.
george: Isn't that the uh, Friars Club jacket?
george: Sure, sure, sure, sure. (patting Jerry on the shoulders) How about these seats? Are these fantastic, huh? Huh? I feel like Lincoln.
george: Give him the jacket.
george: This is very exciting. The inner sanctum.
george: (cheerful) Alright, there you go. She's gonna get the jacket back. (claps hands) So, let's go get some coffee, huh?
george: Really?
george: I, uh, oh, broke a shoelace today.
george: Okay.
george: Brown.
george: Maybe a black.
george: (urgent) No! Check! (quieter) Please.
george: It's a little unusual. So, uh, Susan and I were thinking, uh, dinner at our house Saturday night. Just the four of us.
george: (worried) Why not?
george: (standing) C'mon, what're you talking about?
george: You're soured?
george: Don't be soured.
george: (animated) What're you kidding me? We were all getting along so well. Where is all this coming from?
george: (animated) What're you talking about?! She's very concerned! She said she was gonna get it back.
george: (worked up) Because if she gets it back, then you'll have no reason to be sour. You'll de-sour, right?
george: (aggravated) Oh, that's not good enough! You don't try and de-sour. You have to sweeten too!
george: I wanna get it back when we were the Gatsbys.
george: (neither does he) Yeah, well.
george: (pleased) Yeah, it is.
george: The comedian, or the manager?
george: (meekly) Well, it's true. I saw it.
george: No, I uh...
george: Wait a minute, wait a minute.
george: Look at that guy. Right there. Isn't that the guy from the show? He's..he's wearing the jacket.
george: (motioning Jerry to follow) C'mon.
george: Excuse me, the guy is wearing a jacket that my friend is...
george: If I could talk to the guy for just a sec...
george: I told you, he probably went out the back.
george: Give 'im the jacket already!
george: What's he yelling about? They're stealing jackets here!
george: Moose?
george: Ohh, yeahh.
george: (smiling) That is really nice.
george: This is nice.
george: (forced buoyancy) Hey, you know, let's call Susan, we'll go have coffee.
george: (moody) Great! Now she's sour!
george: (angry) She won't sweeten, and I'm bitter!
george: Here. (panicky) We'll leave it here for you!
george: (still on the phone) All right fine.... Whatever
george: This friend of Susan's is staying with us for two weeks...Now am I wrong or is that excessive?
george: He's a wig master
george: He's with the touring company of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. He's the guy in charge of the wigs.
george: (leaving) Yeah, Sure, sure ,,, I got to drop my car off at the new lot.
george: Jiffy Park. It's incredible.. Seventy-five dollars a month.
george: Yeah and you get this really cool T-shirt when you sign on..
george: Good....good day (not too convincing) You?
george: Very nice
george: (grabs the phone quick) Got it, Got it,...Hello?
george: Yeah,yeah!! I'll pick you up right now.....All right All right....Hey! gotta go.
george: So the Wig master.......the Wig master said you could stop by the theater tonight.. and he'll show you around.
george: WOULD YOU PICK A STATION!!!!!
george: Aw great. Now the volume knob fell off
george: What?
george: I want to know how did that get into my car?
george: That doesn't explain the lipstick on the dashboard?
george: We're gonna hang around here a little while....something funny going on here
george: S'cuse me ..Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
george: Oh No nonono I'm not a cop ...Heum... I work for the Yankees.
george: Nevertheless.. I was wondering if you and your .friends are doing business here at the Jiffy Park.... You know ..hum What do you people call it? Turning tricks? Anyway I...I....found a condom in my car....and I'm not saying it's yours but.... I want to know if I should just change parking lots.
george: I'll pay you for your time....I just ..I just need some information . How much do you want? ten....fifteen? You have change for twenty?
george: Hi honey..
george: Of Course I'm telling the truth.
george: Really!
george: Well then...then you really have something to think about because.....you know if there's any doubt in your mind ....and.. and,, it doesn't even have to be a big doubt, you know even a tiny doubt, a DOT of a doubt.. and.....
george: Because if there's any doubt at all I...I feel we should cultivate it.
george: Yes, you know. Deal with it .We have to deal with the doubt, Susan The DOUBT!! Must be dealt with.
george: (hesitates) ...Nooooooooooo...
george: Excuse me...huh... I think I made a big mistake. I'd like my deposit back please.
george: You got hookers turning tricks in my car. How's that for starters.
george: Allright, very good I'd like my car and my deposit back please
george: Whadday'mean.?
george: Well does it say anywhere in the contract about my car being used as a whorehouse? 'Cause I don't remember reading that clause either..
george: . All right , just give me my car and let me get the hell out of here.
george: Why?
george: What are you talking about.. I WANT MY CAR!!
george: Bear with you! This is a parking lot PEOPLE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE TO GET
george: I believe the doors on the bathroom stalls, here at the stadium, don't offer much by way of privacy. But I was thinking if we extend the doors all the way to the floors......
george: It's a calzone, sir.
george: Uh. Cheese, pepperoni, eggplant.
george: You know a lost and found could be a good idea.
george: Definitely.
george: There putting in a lost and found because of me. There's a time limit but still.
george: Yeah. I am like a drug dealer. I got the guy hooked. I am having lunch at his desk everyday this week. He doesn't make a move without me. It's very exciting.
george: So let me ask you a question about the tip jar. I had a little thing with the calzone guy this week. I go to drop a buck in the tip jar and just as I am about to drop it in he looks the other way. And then when I am leaving he gives me this look think thanks for nothing. I mean if they don't notice it what's the point.
george: Not bills.
george: Beautiful women. You know they could get away with murder. You never she any of them lift anything over three pounds. They get whatever they want whenever they want it. You can't stop them.
george: Without thousands of fleeing Japanese.
george: You know my last name is Costanza. That's Italian. So you and I are like country men. Pisano's!
george: And I always take care of my Pisano's. So here is a little something. (drop in tip and worker looks the other way, so George decides to take it out and try again only to get caught)
george: No no. That's not what I was trying to do.
george: I got your calzones Mr. Steinbrenner.
george: I thought tomorrow maybe we'd try a little corn beef.
george: How about Chinese?
george: I just thought it would be nice. A little variety.
george: Yeah.
george: Well this is bad. I am really in a bad situation now.
george: What's he going to do? That's exactly the point. Nobody knows what this guy is capable of! He fires people like it is a bodily function.
george: Because before you know it he'll be having lunch with him. You know how these interoffice politics work.
george: What the hell is this?
george: There has got to be some way to get back into Pisano's.
george: Yeah. You've heard of it?
george: I'll see you guys later.
george: Yeah. And since you go buy there everyday. I was hoping that we could help each other out.
george: Are you going to help me or not?
george: What?
george: All right.
george: That's a little steep don't you think?
george: All right, all right.
george: But I have to have them by one o'clock. He's very regiment about his meals.
george: Well I was dropping of the calzone money for the week.... Um shouldn't you be at work by now?
george: Soooooo
"george: You don't work in the rain? Your a mailman.""Neither rain nor sleet nor snow.....""It's the first one."
george: You were supposed to deliver my calzones. We had a deal!
george: But I'm paying you!
george: Newman!!
george: Kramer!
george: Look I need you to do me a favor. I need you to get me lunch at Pisano's.
george: He called in sick.
george: Can you do it?
george: 100 p.m. Do you need any money?
george: What happened? Where have you been?
george: What the hell happened to your shirt?
george: Your clothes smell just like Pisano's. There's another Italian place on Jerome. Maybe I can fool him.
george: Because they were heated up there.
george: Sorry, the players will be reimbursed?
george: Sorry, Mr Wilhelm.
george: I know, sir. It won't happen again.
george: Yes, sir.
george: I will, sir. Top priority.
george: Top priority.
george: So he walks out of the stall, he's been talking the whole time.
george: LBJ?
george: No kidding?
george: Well, I still don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't even know what my assignment is.
george: I can't. He's been on my case about not paying attention. Besides, it's too late, I already told him I heard him.
george: Yeah, follow-up question, that'll work.
george: Hey.
george: Where'd you go?
george: Why didn't you take your car?
george: Awright, listen, can you uh, gimme a lift back to my place?
george: Awright, I'll see you later.
george: Uh, Mr Wilhelm.
george: Hi, I was just uh... I just had one little question about uh, my assignment.
george: Yes, yes. Very smooth, super smooth. No, but I really wanna attack this thing, you know. Sink my teeth into it. So I was just wondering... what do you think would be the very best way to get started?
george: Well, I was wondering...
george: Payroll? No, no, I haven't done that.
george: Payroll!!
george: Hello there. I'm George Costanza.
george: Assistant to the travelling secretary. (fishing for a reaction) I'm uh, working on the project.
george: Payroll project. Wilhelm? Big uh, big payroll project.
george: You know what, I'll just uh, I'll just look around for a little while. (moving to come round the counter) I'll just browse around.
george: Look, I am under direct orders from Mr Wilhelm. So if you have a problem with that, maybe you should just take it up with him.
george: (spotting possible salvation) You know what, I urge you to take it up with him. Go ahead, give him a call, he'll tell you what I'm doing here. (half to himself) Then you can tell me.
george: So he explained it all to you?
george: What'd he tell you?
george: (standing) Yes, payroll. Yes I did. Very productive. Payroll... Paid off.
george: Oh, yeah. Downtown. Definitely.
george: (to himself) Yeah, you said it. (to Wilhelm) Uh, excuse me, Mr Wilhelm. Uh, do you really think... Well, is this downtown trip really necessary, you know, for the project?
george: The song?
george: (thoughtful) Downtown.
george: Yeah.
george: I think he was trying to tell me something, like it had some sort of a meaning.
george: 'When you're alone, and life is making you lonely, you can always go...'
george: 'Maybe you know some little places to go, where they never close...'
george: Wait a second. 'Little places to go, where they never close.' What's a little place that never closes?
george: 'Just listen to the music of the traffic, in the city. Linger on the sidewalk, where the neon lights are pretty.' Where the neon lights are pretty. The Broadway area?
george: 'The lights are much brighter there. You can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares, just go...'
george: 'Things'll be great, when you're...'
george: I got nothing, Jerry. Nothing.
george: You think I should come clean? What d'you think, you think I Should confess?
george: (hesitant) Uh, Mr Wilhelm. Uh, about the project...
george: I did?
george: Maybe somebody did it and didn't take credit for it. Maybe it was already done and didn't need doing in the first place. I have no idea who did it, what they did, or how they did it so well. And you know what? Jimmy crack corn and I don't care.
george: The point is, however it got done, it's done. So, any luck with the car?
george: Why not?
george: Hey.
george: I gotta go.
george: You wanted to see me, sir?
george: (smiling) Yes sir.
george: (wondering where this is leading) No sir.
george: (worried now) No sir.
george: What're.. What're you talking about?
george: Ah, see, Mister.. I didn't write that report. That, that's not mine.
george: I didn't do it! It..It just got done. I don't know how it got done, but it did.
george: (desperate) Steinbrenner had me committed! I'm in the nuthouse!
george: (quieter desperation) They took my belt, Jerry. I got nothing to hold my pants up. (listens) Well, you gotta come over here now! Just tell 'em what we talked about, how I, how I, I didn't do the project.
george: Aw, hoh, oh Deena, thank God. (he hugs Deena) Thank God you're here. Listen, you gotta help me. You gotta tell these people that I'm okay. You know that I don't belong in here.
george: Yea... (sinks in) What? No, no!
george: Deena! Deena, wait a... Deena, help!
george: This car out there is taking up, like, three parking spaces.
george: You have a car?
george: Me either.
george: Oh, hi.. (They shake hands)
george: Yeah. Why, what do you do?
george: Really?
george: (Laughs slightly) A physician married to a salesman. (Chuckles) Well, I gotta tell you, Beth, you coulda done a lot better than him.
george: Really? (Realizes) Well, you don't think it had anything to do with what I said, do you?
george: You know, that, that thing about her being too good for him. I mean, I was just bein' folksy. They could tell I was just being folksy..?
george: Totally folksy.
george: (confused) What, what's going on?
george: What do you mean?
george: So it was my comment that broke them up?
george: I feel terrible, I can't be responsible for breaking up a marriage. Oh no (starting moving for the door, Elaine begins to stop him)
george: Well I gotta go talk to Beth.
george: Well I gotta undo what I did.
george: Oh yes I am
george: (starts to try to get passed Jerry and Elaine) Alright get out of my way. (Jerry and Elaine push him back, George very annoyed) Alright don't make me get physical here!
george: Hi Beth (Scene Ends then re-begins with Beth and George on Beth's couch) Um anyway Jerry told me that uh.. it might have been my comment in the Coffee Shop that broke you up.
george: Oh (snorts) Articulate....Me? I've never articulated anything, i'm completely incoherent.
george: He..he wants to talk to me?
george: Sweet guy (Receives the phone from Beth, Starts to talk to Jerry) Hello
george: Oh Jerry, that is so sweet of you but actually i already ate.
george: (cuts into Jerry talking) Chocolate chip mint? Oh well, actually Jerry I prefer chocolate chip. What is it about the chocolate and the mint that makes it go so well together?
george: Oh of course you can use it, sure. (Jerry saying stuff through the phone) Ok, bye. (hangs the phone up)
george: (breaks a long silence) The uh, the shoe laces that you bought me, they uh, they worked out well. (thumbs up)
george: Should be a while though.
george: Oh uh hi Hi, David
george: Elaine
george: Listen uh, David, I, I, I want to apologize about that comment
george: Oh ya, This is my fiance, Susan. This is David
george: (coming back to the table from the bathroom) Oh uh. You ready?
george: Oh sure, sure. You wanna be alone, sure. I understand that, you wanna a little time to think uh thing..ponder things..you know..ruminant..(chuckles) you go ahead, lotta stuff on your mind..you think things out..Think, mull, mull, do a lot of mulling. (short laugh then exits Monk's)
george: Jerry! Jerry! Je Jerry Jerry . The most unbelievable thing has just happened, it's too Unbelievable! I'm sitting in the coffee shop, i'm talking to Susan, were talking about shoe laces (does two guns to the head) so in walks..in walks David, right, he walks right to the table..righ I introduced him to Susan..and he says get this (laughs) he says 'boy you could do a lot better than this guy' huh right (more laughing by George, Jerry is totally just mellow and straight faced) The exact same thing that I said to him, just to get back at me just to get back at me..and then, and then she says she wants to be alone for awhile..Alone Jerry! I think that she thinks that she could do better (laughs) Do you appreciate this? Do you see the irony of this? Do you see what is going on here? What's the matter?
george: Is that what's hurting your appreciation for the story?
george: Because it's really a pretty good little story. Don't you think?
george: Yea
george: (Places the doll presumingly where it belongs on a shelf) Ya?
george: Ya, sure sure.
george: (mildly embarrassed) yeah.. Thank you.
george: late June.
george: He..hmmm. humm...What about this one.
george: What's the difference you just read it and mail it right back. These we'll do.
george: So we pick up some (word missing)
george: Hey! Kramer.
george: It's Susan
george: It's coming Jerry, it's coming.
george: The Day..
george: We ordered the wedding invitations today,, Nothing can stop it now. Nothing. It's here! It's happening. Can I do this? I can't do this...Look at me. Look at me I can't do this, I can't do this (manic) Help me Jerry, help me.
george: I can't
george: What about a letter?
george: I...I...write a letter and then I..I go to China. I disappear in a sea of people for like six months, a year you know just while things simmer down. Ehm.. Ehm...Dear Susan. I'm sorry. I made a terrible mistake. I'm really , really sorry.
george: What? Too short?
george: My Job..arghhh
george: Yeah! Yeah!..Staten Island . What about my clothes ,how do I get the rest of the clothes?
george: I'm not going back in there.
george: Well I'm not starting up a whole new wardrobe now!!!
george: If she'd just take a plane somewhere.
george: It happens.
george: It's something . It's hope.
george: What do you mean?
george: I don't know. I don't think you're anything.
george: Those are Susan's friends.
george: Well...I'll ask Susan about it later.
george: ( to Jerry) What about the letter, should I think about the letter?
george: Smoking.
george: Yes, she hates cigarettes.
george: Nooooooo......
george: Listen I was talking to Elaine today and she said she'd would really like to be an usher at the wedding
george: Why not?
george: That was an honest mistake.
george: Yeah! You're right.. You're probably right.
george: (shrugs and lights it up)
george: (coughs) I've always smoked.
george: Oh yeeah.. well , Big smoker... I (coughs some more) gave it up for a while but it was too tough. Y' know.....I got no will power.
george: Well(coughs) I can't stop now...(coughs) I'm addicted...
george: Oh my god....
george: No..
george: Well Kramer's not an usher anymore.
george: You've been demoted.
george: Because you called her by the wrong name.
george: Who!!?
george: Do you see what this is turning in to? Do I need this. I have to get out of this thing.
george: Yeah.. They made me sick.
george: Yeah...
george: What does that mean?
george: What does that do?
george: They are?... Elaine?
george: Pre-nup of course ..Kramer....
george: Hi.
george: Yeah. Got to invite The Drake. Listen hem...there's something that's been on my mind and we haven't really talked about it..I t's kind of important to me.
george: Well I I ..put a lot of thought into this and I think I would like you to sign a prenuptual agreement.
george: Yeah.
george: What's so funny?
george: See ya later.
george: Married , What!(astounded)
george: Good for you (sympathetic)
george: Hehehe. .(feebly)
george: Tsss...Yeah..
george: I don't know....hmmm ha! here's the doctor.
george: Well , not yet.. Fianc.
george: .........What's that?...
george: ...Are you sure?
george: So.....She's dead?
george: ...Huh!
george: ...Why?
george: Well she was sending out our wedding invitations.
george: We were expecting about two hundred people...Well...Thank you , thank you.
george: She's ahem....gone
george: Apparently the glue in the wedding invitations was a....toxic.
george: (embarrassed with a touch of unrestrained jubilation) Yes.
george: Yeah?
george: Yeah?...
george: Hey!.. What can I tell ya.
george: well humm.. lets get some coffee.
george: Yes I'd like to speak to Marisa Tomei, please? Marisa, Hi it's George Costanza.. I'm the short, funny, quirky bald man you met a little while ago, heh! yeah I was just calling 'cos I wanted you to know that I'm not engaged anymore......well huh, She died....Toxic glue from the wedding invitations.....well we were expecting about two hundred people. Yeah... Anyway.. hum I got the funeral tomorrow but huh.. my weekend is pretty wide open and I was wondering... (dial tone interrupts George)..... Hello...Hello..
george: Well... it's a magnificent stone.
george: It's just a magnificent stone. (turns to Jerry) Jerry?
george: What?
george: No, I-I-I-I'm good. Really.
george: Jerry...
george: (to Susan's stone) ...And then, right after the All-Star Break, we, we just swept the Orioles. Four games. In Baltimore. (adjusts necktie nervously) So... yeah.
george: Boy, that was awkward!
george: What were you saying to the Rosses over there, anyway?
george: What is that?
george: (identifying it) Wrath of Khan!
george: That was a hell of a thing when Spock died...
george: Well anyway, the, uh... the stone is up, I paid my respects, guess that's it.
george: I have mourned for three long months! Summer months, too! Anybody could grieve in January! It's time for George to start being George again.
george: Yes! Nothing says George like a movie!
george: George is going to the movies! (exits)
george: (inhales deeply) I tell you, Jerry, I'm feeling something. Something I haven't felt in a long time.
george: No. Autonomy, complete and total autonomy.
george: I wanna go to a tractor pull.
george: I am staying out all night!
george: I wanna bite into a big hunk of cheese, just bite into it like it's an apple.
george: What?
george: Who?
george: Dolores!
george: Bye, Dolores.
george: I thought Mulva hated you.
george: All the way?
george: Yeah, and you were engaged for like a minute, I was engaged for a year.
george: I'm feeling something else here, Jerry!
george: It's open!
george: (surprised) Rosses.
george: Well, uh... come in, come, come in. (frantically clears the couch of newspapers and crumbs)
george: Oh. Oh. Yeah, sure. Here. Uh, sit down. Uh, uh, cheese, there? (he grabs a suit jacket from the desk chair and puts it on)
george: Oh, yes, yes, yes. Very, very hard.
george: Yes, I agree. I hope my parents go long before I do.
george: Oh, that's wonderful.
george: Yes, inte-- h-how inte-- how integral?
george: (feigning excitement) Great, great. O-Oh, oh, oh, gosh. You know, it's just... my duties with the Yankees...
george: I can't believe this is happening.
george: (feigning happiness) The second I see him.
george: Hey. How's your day, good?
george: So uh... Wrath of Khan, huh?
george: What was that line again? Something about finding your way in a shadow?
george: That's it. That's the line... (squirts mustard into Jerry's coffee and stirs it) ...that destroyed my life.
george: The Rosses have started up a foundation, Jerry, and I have to sit on the board of directors.
george: Yeah! Look at me! I was free and clear! I was living the dream! I was stripped to the waist, eating a block of cheese the size of a car battery!
george: Don't you see? I'm back in.
george: Yes!
george: KHAN!
george: (startled) Oh!
george: Wink.
george: Wyck.
george: Oh. I know they have some monies.
george: So, if Susan and I had... I mean, if the envelopes hadn't, uh... then we--
george: And now?
george: This townhouse?
george: And now?
george: Not.
george: You know, it really can't.
george: Would I have had access to that?
george: And now?
george: (anticipating the answer) Not.
george: Hello?
george: My story?
george: Uh, excuse me, Wyck. Uh, are we, uh, almost done here?
george: (remorsefully) I can't go.
george: You want me to find a poem about Susan? May she rest in peace?!
george: I like, uh...(mutters something unintelligible under his breath.)
george: (mutters it again)
george: Yes!
"george: He did it right as he said ""her unfortunate accident."""
george: Jerry, a throat-clear is a non-verbal implication of doubt - he thinks I killed Susan!
george: What time is it?
george: Right now?
george: Oh, the bookstore girl. How's that goin'?
george: Where's Elaine?
george: What's with all these people having babies?
george: Yeah! Right!
george: No, I did not! (They exit the coffee shop.)
george: Do you really think I'm wrong about this Wyck guy?
george: Jerry Lewis?
george: That's pretty paranoid.
george: I like it!
george: Where are all the poetry magazines?
george: Yes. The New Yorker.
george: I, uh, should have a poem very soon now.
george: No, no, not really. Ever since Susan passed on, I have good days and bad. (Turns the briefcase towards the woman on his left.) Some days, I'm haunted by one word - why. Why Susan? Why wasn't it me licking those invitations? Why am I still here? Well, I gotta run. (Gets up and leaves the meeting.)
george: Lemme tell you something, that Jerry Lewis? You wonder how some of these people get to the top? It's ideas like this! Brilliant! Hah-hah! (Notices that the briefcase is damaged.) Look at this - what the hell happened? The whole side is damaged here...and the lock is broken.
george: Five minutes. What the hell happened here?
george: I have to rewind it first. (George presses the rewind button on the tape recorder. He and Jerry stand there, waiting impatiently as it rewinds.) Alright, alright.
george: Stopped dead.
george: I don't know. (George sits down at the table. Kramer enters.)
george: Why can't I stay?
george: Well, if it doesn't concern me, then I can stay. (Kramer grabs the back of George's chair, drags him out into the hallway and closes the door.)
george: Yes! Yes, I heard the 'squink'!
george: It's baffling, isn't it?
george: They would never tell me, Elaine. First of all, they probably think that I killed Susan. Besides, I don't even think they like me. (Jerry comes over to the table.)
george: And you really believe this guy doesn't want to have kids.
"george: Elaine, I once told a woman that I coined the phrase, ""Pardon my French."""
george: I once told a woman that I really enjoy spending time with my family.
george: This is a crude mock-up of the conference room. 1/14th scale.
george: Yesterday, took the day off. (Picks up a red Power Ranger action figure from the model and pretends it's him.) Now, from the time I left the room...
george: Yeah.
george: Okay. That's what we know.
george: Well, yeah.
george: I don't know if you're ready for it.
george: I believe that I am about to become the target of a systematic process of intimidation and manipulation, the likes of which you have never -
george: I'm not through here, Jerry. (Picks up the model of the conference room.) I'm gonna keep on investigating. This thing is like an onion. The more layers you peel, the more it stinks. (Pam enters, George leaves.)
george: There are some people in this room who would have been very happy to never see this briefcase again. There are people in this room who think they can destroy other people's property and get away with it. Well, let me tell you something about those people. They weren't counting on this brain! And this tape recorder.
"george: You'll have your turn! The truth must be heard. (Plays back the tape.) That's all there was. And yet, it speaks volumes. A low rumple. A metallic 'squink.' A 'glonk.' Someone crying out...""Dear God!"" Let's start with, uh...with you, Wyck."
george: Alright, then. We've gotten to the bottom of that.
george: ...he embibed her glistening spell...just before the other shoe...fell.
george: No, it's a Newman. Well, I gotta run. (Smiles, pats his briefcase and exits.)
george: Fine.
george: I gotta go zoo. I feel like I could set more of my own schedule.
george: I'm wearin' a little hat, I'm jumpin' through fire.. They're puttin' their little alien heads in my mouth..
george: But in the zoo, you know, they might, put a woman in there with me to uh.. you know, get me to mate.
george: W--then I'm pretty much where I am now. At least I got to take a ride on a spaceship.
george: Kramer, trust me, this is the best bathroom in midtown!
george: (Anyway,) on the left--exquisite marble! High ceilings. An' a flush, like a jet engine! (imitates sound) Ha ha!
george: You sure?
george: Wow. Nice.
george: (considers, but got into elevator) Won't work.
george: (wry) He knows.
george: Hnn! Let me see that.
george: (still looking at that picture) You know if I told my engagement story to that receptionist, but told her this, was my fiance..
george: Don't you see. Women like that are like, members of a secret tribe living in a forbidden city. People like me have not been inside in thousands of years.. But with this, it's like I've already been with one of her own! My hands been stamped! I come and go as I please!
george: (getting up) Can I keep this?
george: (absently leaving with it) Thanks.
george: Hi. I'm ah, I'm here to see a Mr. Art Vandelay..
george: (taking out wallet) Well, let me. Heh. Let me just eh.. check an', make sure I have the right man--ha! Heh, heh, heh! Seems--oh! I, oh! (has conveniently dropped the photo into her view)
george: (humble) Well, if you must know, shhhe, was my fiance, Susan. May she rest in peace.
george: (shaking hands) I'm George.
"george: Hey, she wants me to dress uh ""smart casual."" What uh, what is that?"
george: Right. Bye.
george: This is a fantastic place! I always thought it was a meat packing plant!
george: Oh! Modelling! What's that like? Fun? Ha ha. (to self in head) Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!
george: You know, I used to love Paris. My uh, dead Fiance, Susan.. (opening wallet) In fact I. think I, I may have a picture of her..
george: (delighted) Jerry? It was incredible! Models! As far as the eye could see!
george: Yes. The legends are true.
george: I'm not! I'm inside the walls!
george: Flame on!
george: Hello? Amanda. Hi, yes. Listen. You know, I'm thinkin', we might just be better of bein' friends. Yeah. Yeah, you know what, I can't even really talk about it right now. Bye-bye. (hangs up) (happy with himself, but then sees the burned up photo) No! No!
george: (frantic) Jerry! Jerry, muh--muh--my hair-dryer ruined the picture! An' I need another one or I can't get back into the forbidden city!
george: Jerry! I need you to get another picture of man-hands. I'm beggin' you!
george: Yes! Yes, all right--anything!
george: (quiet, desperate) Maybe she can get me another picture of man-hands. (calling) Elaine!
george: Elaine, I got to have another picture of Gillian.
george: Elaine? (she turns, sighing) Can I come?
george: Hi. George.
george: Oh, yeah. Yeah. I used to come here all the time with my fiance, back when it was a meat-packing plant. Ha. Here's her picture. (hands her a magazine page)
george: Huh?
george: Ha! Heh.
george: But it--eh.. It was here, I'm tellin' you, an' w--w--it was really here! The, there was, a, bar, and a, an' a dance floor..
george: Party?
george: Food?
george: Bar?
george: George?
george: How could I possibly interfere?
george: (Eating) Oh yeah. These are fantastic, fantastic. (To server) You know, I'd love to get a jump on the next batch, where do you come out? (Server leaves) (To Anna) She's been ignoring this section all night. Quesadilla?
george: Hi ah, My name is George.
george: No, I'm a friend of Elaine Benes.
george: So...
george: Sweet Fancy Moses!
george: Food was good.
george: Well, actually you did miss one nugget of entertainment. (Pause) Have you ever seen Elaine dance?
george: It was more like a full bodied dry heave set to music.
george: What, you mean you know about this?
george: Well, sometimes you can't help these people 'til they hit rock bottom.
george: Hey, you gotta take a ride with me later. I borrowed my father's car. '68 GTO.
george: During that period when my folks were separated he went a little crazy.
george: So this Anna called me from out of the blue.
george: With extreme prejudice.
george: No, no. That's just the thing. Anna told me that Elaine said I was one of the worst seeds she'd ever seen.
george: I'm the bad boy. I've never been the bad boy.
george: Yes ... yes, yes
george: Okay, the point is made.
george: No one's putting a gun to your head. Do I, uh, scare you?
george: Yeah, she's a sweet ride.
george: Maybe.
george: Guess not.
george: I didn't do nothin'.
george: Lighten up.
george: Yo, Anna.
george: (Ironing) You don't wanna know.
george: What, wha, what're you talkin' about?
george: Pick up the phone, Elaine. Pick it up!
george: Pick it up, pick it up!
george: Elaine, get off the speaker! (Elaine picks up phone)
george: You are ruinin' everything.
george: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's it. More of that, difficult. I'm a difficult seed.
george: I'm a bad man!
george: Well, I'm the good boy again. Can you believe that?
george: Anna actually has respect for me now. (laughs/snorts) It's all over.
george: Did you say dangerous?
george: I'm a bootlegger.
george: I'm bootleggin' a movie, baby!
george: I can do hard time for this one. And community service!
george: (Takes it and throws it out window) Get outta my way!
george: Why did the policeman have to yell at me like that? (Elaine enters)
george: Oh my God.
george: Ow! Dad...
george: Thanks.
george: Ohhhhhh
george: Smile
george: I meet this women, Sheila. She works down at the one hour photo pace. She's got this incredible smile. Like she's got extra teeth or something
"george: Hey check this out. I go to pick up my pictures and she says "" I hope you got that mustard stain out of your shirt."""
george: Don't you see. She's looking at my pictures.
george: That's got nothing to do with it.
george: Yesssss.
george: Why don't you find a doctor that doesn't know your difficult.
george: Smile.
george: Why did you refuse the package. Everybody loves a package.
george: What do you think it's a bomb?
george: Oh the ego on you.
george: Who's going to bomb you. An airline for all the stupid little peanut jokes.
george: Hey. There is a couple of people that wouldn't mind having me out of the way.
george: Hey. Check these out. I just picked them up from Sheila. She must have loved these.
george: I know. I just sort of leaned on it so it would look like it was mine.
george: No. He was fine with it. Check that out.
george: Wax Museum.
george: Oh. What is this?
george: This must be Sheila from the photo place.
george: She must have slipped it in here.
george: Photo store Sheila.
george: All right. I will see you boys later.
george: To ask her out.
george: What game?
george: No good?
george: Oh, I don't know.
george: Well why don't you get a hold of it and change what you don't like.
george: I am in and out of my personnel file at work all the time.
george: Hey. I've kept the same job for more than two years. It's not luck. Elaine, have you ever sent a racy photograph of yourself to anyone?
george: Oh yeah the nipple. But besides that. How did you feel about Kramer's work?
george: So it was a good experience.
george: Nice.
george: Where's Kramer?
george: Personal matter.
george: Tell him to open it.
george: Elaine said your pretty good at this stuff.
george: You don't have your own camera.
george: I feel fat.
george: Well do you want me to take it off?
george: Do you think it would be better if I did?
george: ALL RIGHT!!
george: So I really liked the pictures I picked up here yesterday.
george: And here's a roll that I think you may enjoy.
george: Shall we say an hour.
george: Can't find them. That's marvelous. The dance continues.
george: And maybe we could go out and do something.
george: Hi.
george: I don't know what Newman wanted to see me for.
george: I think that's one of mine.
george: Can we go now?
george: OH MY GOD!!!
george: Listen Sheila it's not what you think. I put my trust into the wrong person. He said the key word was tasteful.
george: SHEILA!!!
george: I still don't understand this. Abby has a mentor?
george: Is there any money involved?
george: So what's in it for the mentor?
george: Pssh. Would the protg pick up stuff for the mentor?
george: Laundry? Dry cleaning?
george: Alright. Listen, I gotta get some reading done. You mind if I do this here? I can't concentrate in my apartment.
george: Yeah. Steinbrenner wants everyone in the front office to give a lecture in their area of business expertise.
george: I guess it's on my resume.
george: You know what? I can't do this. I can't read books anymore; books on tape have ruined me, Jerry. I need that nice voice. This book has *my* voice. I hate my voice.
george: You can't, it's a textbook.
george: Excuse me, I'm sorry to bother you, I noticed that you have a textbook on tape. May I ask where you got that?
george: I tell ya, I am hooked on these books on tape.
george: I take an eye test; I flunk it, the next thing you know I am swinging to the sweet sounds of risk management.
george: What's she like? Impressive?
george: Bania?
george: What did you have?
george: Marsala?
george: Thank you.
george: Dad.
george: What are you doing here?
george: My dad was a cook during the Korean War. Something very bad happened, ever since you can't get him near a kitchen.
george: Oh yeah, but that has nothing to do with it.
george: Nothing at all.
george: You're a very handsome man, by the way.
george: This guy sounds just like me.
george: This is horrible.
george: (banging the recorder) Stop it! Stop it!
george: I got a big problem here, Jerry. The tapes are worthless.
george: No problem.
george: I'll make time, because Abby, I was once like you; wide-eyed, naive, I didn't know the first thing about a subject as fundamental as risk management.
george: I'll tell you what, why don't you read this book and let's just see if you can explain it to me.
george: Okay.
george: Ovaltine. Have you ever had this stuff? Why is it called Ovaltine?
george: They should call it round tine. You know what I'm talking about.
george: (pulls a face) I find it disorienting. Who buys an umbrella anyway? Y..you get 'em for free in the coffee shop in the metal cans.
george: What checks?
george: Look at all of those! You're rich!
george: He's giving you furniture? Who is this guy?
george: (dryly) You're on that list.
george: Alright, I gotta go home and open up with the house for the carpet cleaners. You know they're doing my whole place for twenty-five dollars.
george: So? For a twenty-five dollar cleaning, I can listen to some pointless blather.
george: (smiling expectantly) Here it comes.
george: (signs) Sorry. (expectant) You're sure, uh, there isn't anything else?
george: (let down) So, that's it?
george: (melancholy) I wish that was all needed. Life can be so confusing. I..I'm searching for answers, anywhere.
george: (annoyed) Not a peep. They just cleaned the carpets and left. Call themselves a cult!
george: They could've at least tried!
george: Please.
george: How'd you hook up with these guys?
george: (excited) Yeah, the pilot!
george: (enthusiastic) And, you know, I do a lotta business with Japanese TV. They broadcast a lot of American baseball. They got an office here in New York!
george: (animated) It failed here! Because, here, every time you turn on a TV, all you see is four morons sitting round an apartment, whining about their dates!
george: (eager) So? What d'you think?
george: Ah. You see, the man who was the butler, uh, had gotten into a car accident with Jerry, and because he didn't have any insurance, the judge decreed that the man become Jerry's butler.
george: Oh, I, uh, I disagree. You've, uh, you've been living in America too long. (indicates the bag of oranges) You've forgotten what it's like to have no oranges.
george: (positive) Yes. From endorsing checks for the Super Terrific Happy Hour. (laughs)
george: (indicating the window) Kramer, it's, it's raining. They got the tarp on the field.
george: Well, I, I got the pilot of the Jerry show.
george: Are they here?
george: (suspicious) They haven't said anything to you, have they?
george: (to himself, resentful) What kind of a snobby, stuck-up, cult is this?!
george: (excited) Great news! I showed the pilot to Kramer's Japanese friends. They loved it!
george: (excited) Did I tell you that story's relatable?! That was a great show! That is why I'm bringing it back to NBC.
george: (little subdued) Nakahama Broadcast Corporation.
george: But now I have my own market research. Actual Japanese viewers, that love the show! I'm gonna talk to Kramer.
george: Hey, by the way, what'd you think of Miss Yoshimura?
george: The network executive. You think she liked me?
george: Get a good night's sleep, alright fellas. (thumbs up) Big day tomorrow!
george: Uh. (smiles) Where's the boys?
george: (horrified) But that meeting starts in ten minutes!
george: (frantic) I'm calling Jerry.
george: (panicked and rushed) Jerry! The Japanese guys had sake in the hot-tub! You gotta get 'em outta the drawers and get 'em down here, or I don't have a focus group to sell the pilot to Japanese TV!
george: (scream) Jerry!!
george: So, uh, gentlemen, do we have a deal?
george: (to the executives) Excuse me. Did you hire the Sunshine Carpet Cleaners?
george: Mr Wilhelm? Wha..what're you doing here?
george: (incredulity) Him you brainwashed! (angry shout) What's he got that I don't have?!
george: (urgent) Mr Wilhelm, listen. You've been abducted! Please, Mr Wilhelm, you gotta listen to me!
george: Dollar Eighty-Nine. Why is this a dollar eighty-nine? Why is there no haggling in this country?
george: Not me. Everything should be negotiable. (he picks up a container of fruit)
george: Absolutely. You're telling me there's no room to move on pasta. All starches are a scam.
george: Ahh, Excuse me, how much is this?
george: I'll give you a quarter.
george: Thirty.
george: Alright see? We got something there.
george: You know I still don't know how you can call lunch with me a business expense.
george: It stinks.
george: Hey, you like?
george: Really? (feeling flattered)
george: Elaine, huh... Peterman account?
george: Hey.
george: This hat just bottles in the heat, I -I don't even need a coat! It's unbelievable!
george: Ah, and I got a date with the sales woman. She's got a little Marisa Tomei thing going on.
george: I'm going out with her tomorrow, she said she had some errands to run.
"george: What's the difference? You know they way I work. I'm like a commercial jingle. First it's a little irritating, then you hear it a few times, youre hummin it in the shower, by the third date it's (sings) ""By Mennen!""."
george: If there's any doubt, I do a leave-behind. Keys, gloves, scarf -- I go back to her place to pick it up...(pop sound) date number two.
george: Oh no I'm in already come on.
george: So eh, you eh, wanna get together tomorrow?
george: What about this weekend?
george: OK, ah.. (George throws his keys on the table) see ya!
george: Oh, those, those aren't my keys.
george: Oh. Ha. They are my keys, how weird. (laughs)
george: Yea bye.
"george: (sings) Co-stan-za. (like ""By Mennen"")"
george: I left it at Heather's. Are these alive? (pounding on glass display)
george: Alright, alright, I'll call Heather, you'll get your hat back, I will get a second date. Ha ha ha. Now watch the magic.
george: (clears throat) Heather Hi, it's George Costanza.
george: Ah, listen ah, I don't mean to bother you but ah, silly me, I- I think I may have left my hat in your apartment. So ah, I thought I'd just come by later and pick it up.
george: I- I'm pretty sure I left it eh, behind the cushion of the chair ... accidentally.
george: Ah, a, You know what, maybe I'll just come ... umm, yummm (stammering)
george: Hi.
george: Well not really...
george: Ah... (quietly)
george: Well that makes sense.
george: Good to see you again.
george: She's bluffing...
george: ... She's got it stashed away in there somewhere.
george: Oh I don't know. Check this out.
george: Yep, this one for our side!
george: Yeah, but get this, the message said 'call me if you have the time'. Heh heh if I have the time, you get it?
george: She knows that I have her clock. I know that she has my hat. I think she's getting ready to make an exchange.
george: I've looked at that, seems unlikely.
george: Jerry, I can't talk to Jerry anymore. Ever since he moved into that apartment he's too much ... like you.
george: So how do you want to do this?
george: So you - you really don't have my hat?
george: Uh, le - let's go do, something.
george: Oh that's eh, that's a sandwich.
george: ...ah (picks up the bag) Damn salami.
george: That damn delicatessen that - that is last time they screw up one of my orders.
george: Say you, me, and Kramer are, uh, flying over the Andes.
george: We got a soccer game in Chile. Anyway, the plane crashes. Who are you gonna eat to survive?
george: So fast? What about me?
george: Kramer's so stringy. I'm plump, juicy.
george: Well I would eat you.
george: I still don't see why you wouldn't eat me. I'm your best friend.
george: Thank you.
george: No.
george: With me or in general?
george: Nucleosis.
george: No, no, pff...
george: Yeah, six weeks.
george: I can do six weeks standin' on my head. I'm a sexual camel. That's not the point. At least there was the possibility.
george: I don't know. I don't wanna be one of those guys.
george: Like us. (Elaine enters)
george: So it's just mono.
george: No something is bunk and then you debunk it.
george: I think. (Pause as they all look down)
george: They asked you to do career day?
george: Oh with all due respect, I went there too, and I work for a team that just won the World Series.
george: It was fantastic, Jerry. We wound up talking all night.
george: you know, just by conversing, you can really learn a lot about a person.
george: You got bumped from career day?
george: Hey, hey. Kramer, what are you doing? You can't smoke in here.
george: What is Pericles?
george: Who is Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
george: What is Borax?
george: What is Tungsten or Wolfram?
george: No, no, no. Just lately, I've been thinking a lot clearer. Like this afternoon, (To television) what is chicken Kiev, (Back to Jerry) I really enjoyed watching a documentary with Louise.
george: You think?
george: Oh my God. I just remembered where I left my retainer in second grade. I'll see ya. (He throws finished Rubik's cube to Jerry and he exits. Kramer enters)
george: Of course. Absolute zero!
george: I stopped having sex.
george: Guys, hitting is not about muscle. It's simple physics. Calculate the velocity, v, in relation to the trajectory, t, in which g, gravity, of course remains a constant. (Hits a home run) It's not complicated.
george: George Costanza, assistant to the traveling secretary.
george: Do you wanna talk about hotels, or do you wanna win some ball games?
george: In six games.
george: Nine minutes.
george: Hello? I can take an hour off your hands. Give the kids a chance to see a real live Yankee.
george: Excuse me, darling, do I detect a Portuguese accent?
george: Das kaffes un salat e grand por favor.
george: Eh, don't mention it.
george: Yeah, my cleaning lady's Portuguese. I must've picked it up.
george: I told her I would have to think about it.
george: I don't know. Perhaps I can better serve the world this way.
george: Simple joke from a simple man.
george: Well, Jerry. There was a pretty good chance I was never gonna have sex again anyway.
george: Oh, sports are so pedestrian. I've prepared some science experiments that will illuminate the mind and dazzle the eye.
george: You know, Louise. I think you'll find this amusing. In early Euclidean geometry--
george: I used to share that same outlook. But now, I have so many things to occupy my mind. For instance, the atom.
george: What a fascinating turn of events. (Waitress approaches)
george: Si, por favor.
george: Hey.
george: I got lost on the way over.
george: What are these? (Holds test tubes to his head like antennae) Take me to your leader.
george: No, the Portuguese waitress.
george: I calculated my odds of ever getting together with a Portuguese waitress. Mathematically, I had to do it, Jerry.
george: No, no. I'm not going on.
george: Tell you about the Portuguese waitress.
george: Jerry! (Slams the door) Georgie's moving out!
george: I'm out! Fantastic apartment right across from mine, huh. I can't wait for you to see it.
george: (Definite) Oh yeah.
george: You know what? it's better than Elaine's, too. I gotta give her a call. (Moves tward the phone)
george: (Stops) Oh right, the blind date.
george: Come on. Come check out my new place. It'll take you two minutes.
george: (Gloating) Hey, you got any extra furniture down there? I need some more stuff to fill that extra bedroom with the walk-in closet. (Smiles)
george: (Laughs as they leave) It's working already! (Both exit)
george: (Looks at her) Yeah, uh, no menus. (Waves her off)
george: Oh, right! (Shakes her hand) Right! Hey, hey.. I love the floors in here. It's like a gymnasium in here! Try and guard me! (Dribbles an imaginary ball
george: (Let down) Yeah, but you - you promised it to me.
george: (Depressed) Well,.. the Andrea Doria.. that was quite a fire. (Moves to the door, leaving)
george: I remember.. (Leaves)
george: Hey.
george: Gone. (Moves over to a chair in the living room. Kramer takes the carton of food to the table, and begins eating) The tenant association made me give it to this guy because he was an Andrea Doria survivor..
george: (Talking about his would-be apartment) You could fit 15 people in that bathroom..
george: How do you know?
george: 51 people?! That's it?! I thought it was, like, a thousand!
george: That's no tragedy! How many people do you lose on a normal cruse? 30? 40?! Kramer, can I take a look at that book? (Starts walking tward the door. Kramer grabs his food, and follows)
george: What's with the dog?
george: Oh..
george: A vet?
george: So, if I may jump ahead - you're gonna take dog medicine?
george: Ahoy! Mr. Eldridge. I understand you were on the Andrea Doria.
george: I tell ya, I hear people really stuff themselves on those cruise ships. (Laughs) The buffet, that's the real ordeal, huh, Clarence? (Laughs)
george: Well, all vacations have to end eventually.
george: (Holding up Kramer's book) According to this, it took.. 10 hours. It eased into the water like an old man into a nice warm bath - no offence. (Pause) So, uh, Clarence, how about abandoning this apartment, and letting me shove off in this beauty?
george: (Yelling out) It's my apartment, Eldridge! The Stalkholm may not have sunk ya, but I will! Ha, ha, ha!
george: So, he's keeping the apartment. He doesn't deserve it, though! Even if he did suffer, that was, like, 40 years ago! What has he been doing lately?! I've been suffering for the past 30 years up to and including yesterday!
george: (Interested) I should!
george: I could go bumper to bumper with any one else on this planet!
george: Nah, I guess I should really get moving on this, huh? I'm gonna go. (Opens the door, letting Newman in. Leaves)
george: (On the other line) Hey.
george: Yeah, listen, I can't make it later.
george: Yeah, the tenant association has decided to hear my side of the story. So, uh, I gotta kinda get ready. I'll see ya.
george: So, uh, Mom, Dad, I was hoping that you could help me to remember my childhood a little clearly..
george: (Pleading for them to stop) Mom.. dad.
george: (Fed up with his parents) Actually, I think I'm pretty clear on it.
george: I was handcuffed to the bed.. In my underwear, (Sighs) where I remained.. (Scene cuts to another story) She was attractive.. She was, also, infact, a Nazi.. (Cuts to another story) The water.. that I had been swiming in was.. very cold. And, when I dropped the towel, there was.. significant shrinkage.. (Scene cuts to, yet, another story) Her parents were looking at me.. So, there I was, with a marble rye hanging from the end of a fishing pole.. (Scene cuts to his closing statements) In closing, these stories have not been embellished, because - they need no embellishment. They are simply, horrifyingly, the story of my life as a short, stocky, slow witted bald man. (Gets up) Thank you. (Every memeber of the board shows some sign that George's story is most deserving of the apartment. Ricardi is crying. George turns to leave, then remembers one more thing..) Oh, also.. my fiance died from licking toxic envelopes that I picked out. (Sobs and loud crying erupts from the board members) Thanks again. (Leaves. Eldridge looks defeated)
george: It's not contest. The guy had nothing! The ship went down, he got into a life boat, I mean, come on.
george: They're making their decision today.
george: Excuse me, uh, what are you doing in there?
george: What? Elaine's big-head guy? They have you the apartment?!
george: Why?! Because you were stabbed, and.. got coffee thrown in your face, and.. uh.. (Points to Alan's bandaged forehead)
george: That's why they gave you the apartment?
george: Wait a minute, that is my apartment. I earned it with 34 years of misery!
george: Fantastic day! Fantastic!
george: (laughs - hehe) Well, first, I'm brushing my teeth and this piece of apple-skin, that must have been lodged in there for days, comes loose.
george: Then, I'm at The Foundation...
george: Sometimes, once in a while.
george: No, occasionally I'll forget to let the machine pick up. Anyway, they made this large donation, to a women's prison, and I get to go down there and check it out.
george: Yeah-hah!
george: Nothing really, you know...just eh, stroll around the cell blocks, maybe eh, take in a shower fight. (chuckles.) Hey eh, you know you got a bounced check hanging up in the little market over on Columbus?
"george: I noticed you eh, chose the eh ""clowns with balloons"" check design."
george: Listen, sweetheart, let me tell you a little something about guts. (Points to his head.) This is guts.
"george: These are not ""scraps."" These are historic remains of a once Great Society of Hair."
george: Tennis courts? W-w-what about the yard? Where do they have the gang fights?
"george: Hmm. What about a hole? You ever put anybody in ""the box""?"
george: Thanks, Warden.
george: Well, let's just say it wouldn't exist without me. (Notices another person in the library dressed the same as Celia.) So you two uh, shop at the same store, (hu)?
george: Oh my God...You're in jail? (Celia nods.) That is so cool!
"george: Well...not ""out."" She's a prisoner."
george: Why not?
george: That was different!
george: Jerry, I like being with her. Plus, I know where she is all the time. I have relatively no competition. An-and you know how you live in fear of the pop-in?
"george: Yeah, no pop-in, no ""in the neighborhood,"" no ""I saw your light was on."" And the best part is, if things go really well..."
george: Hey.
george: Embezzlement.
george: Allow me. Why?
george: Yeah. I had a great time.
george: The whole hour just flew by. (laughs - hehe) (Begins cleaning up the table.)
george: Oh, thanks, Bobby. (To Celia) Well, I guess I'll see you in four days.
george: Of course you will. (quick chuckle). You're the best. (with a light fist motion across her chin)
george: How're the folks?
george: So? Movie tonight?
george: I did. I'm back. I love this relationship, I feel so liberated!
george: The only thing that bothers me is that I'm just coming up with this now.
george: That's like using a wheelchair for the fun of it!
george: Hey, I brought you some cigarettes. You buy yourself something nice.
george: Parole! (Feigning joy) That's dynamite!
george: Celia's up for parole.
george: What?
george: She's been locked up for two years. She's gonna want to make up for lost time. Dinners. Movies. (Rubs his forehead.) Talking...
george: Heh, haa. And that's no good. I've tried it straight, Jerry. We've all seen the results. For me, sick is the only way to go.
george: It's not the same.
george: Well, anything I can do to help, um...she's a wonderful girl. Very smart. Very eh...crafty.
"george: Plans. Schemes. She ah, she keeps talking about getting back together with her old friends, you know - ""the gang,"" as she likes to call them (chuckles), you know. Yeah, they're eh, they're hatching something, you can count on that."
george: No, no, Kurt - wrong attitude. You should be happy now.
george: You've still got pretty good coverage. Once the enemy advances beyond this perimeter - (points at Kurt's head with a pen) - then you won't be Kurt anymore.
george: Yes. Live, dammit. Live! Every precious moment as if this was the last year of your life. Because in many ways...it is. (There's a knock at the door.) Excuse me.
george: Celia? W-w-what are you doing here?
george: Hey.
george: Is that good?
george: Celia broke out of prison. I'm sitting in my home, she shows up at the door!
george: Yeah. Hey Jerry, listen to this. I discovered something even better than conjugal visit sex. Fugitive sex! Now, it's like everytime -
george: Oh, hey, sorry I'm late.
george: Sorry I'm late.
george: She didn't want to come, she-she's not really into sports.
george: Where's the tamale guy?
george: Uh, excuse me. Uh, pound of Arabian mocha java, please.
george: I'm going to the bathroom.
george: Oh Oh, here, lemme uh...
george: Yeah.
george: Mmm.
george: You see what just happened here?
george: She treated me to the Arabian mocha java.
george: She's stickin' it to me that she makes more money than me.
george: No, not nice. She's stickin' it to me.
george: (worked up) Stickin' it to me, Jerry.
george: (angry) Stickin' it!
george: So you're buying the car back for your parents?
george: Your parents'll never let you do it.
george: What kind of money you think your parents have?
george: I bet they have more money than mine.
george: You think?
george: Never.
george: Nothing.
george: Nowhere.
george: How much money d'you think they have?
george: (excited) You're saying I stand to inherit three hundred thousand dollars, is that what you're saying?!
george: Twenty years? That long?
george: Fortunately, yes.
george: I have an aunt that died at seven.
george: Aunt Baby.
george: I been, uh, thinking about the family. Tell me, uh, about Aunt Baby.
george: (glances upwards) Yeah. Uhm, why did she die so young?
george: Is that common in our family?
george: I guess you two are the lucky ones.
george: (oozing fake sincerity) Well, as much as I enjoy all the good-natured ribbing, nothing really makes me happier than spending money on the people I care about.
george: Oh, he'll be here. By the way, Elaine, (reaches under the table and brings out a large coffee machine) thank you for laying out for the Arabian mocha java.
george: Hey look, he's back.
george: Mom? Dad?
george: Wh..what're you doing here?
george: What?
george: (pointing outside) Why is there a Cadillac parked in front of the house?
george: You bought that?
george: What the hell is going on here?
george: (dread) Oh god.
george: Wait a minute. (astonished) You're thinking of moving to Florida again?!
george: (pointing out the positive) But happy.
george: Obviously.
george: No, no. No, no, no. (determined) We're staying on me. We haven't solved anything yet.
george: What d'you mean, let 'em go? They're spending all my money.
george: (upset) Could you put a little thought into this? Jerry's gone, you could humour me. He humours me.
george: You know what I do at the Yankees, when one of these old guys is breathing down my neck?
george: You schedule a late meeting.
george: These old guys, they're up at 4 a.m., by two thirty they're wiped. (animated) How did we get back onto you?!
george: (shouted after Elaine) You know, I got nothing outta this!
george: Well, I've given this a lot of thought, and I've gotta say...
george: (attempting sincerity) As much as I'd like to see the two of you living it up in a warm, tropical, setting, I, I would just miss you too much. (smiling) So, I've decided, I want you to stay.
george: (crestfallen) But you said it was my call.
george: (animated) You're letting him have a woman over?!
george: (Jerry-style) That's a shame.
george: (innocent) What?
george: (relishing) Hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm. Delicious.
george: I am. The folks are twelve hundred miles away. (gleeful) I'm basking in the buffer zone. (looks for the waitress) 'Nother piece of pie here!
george: (through a mouthful of shrimp) Well, why don't we just put a monitor in his skybox?
george: (angry, to himself) The ocean called. Running outta shrimp. Outta shrimp! (a thought occurs) Oh! Yes! That's what I shoulda said! (frustrated shout) Dammit!
george: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then, I said to him, 'Oh yeah? Well, the jerk store called, and they're running outta you.'
george: (confessing) Well, actually, I thought it up on the way over here.
george: No. No it's not. You don't know this guy. It woulda been so sweet.
george: Right.
george: Sometimes in life, the gods smile upon you, my friends.
george: I got another meeting with Reilly. A whole new audience, and I bet I can get him to try that line again.
george: Listen to the comeback. (pleased) 'Oh yeah? Well the jerk store called. They're running outta you.'
george: (worked up) Wha...You gotta be kidding me?!
george: (confused) What does that mean?
george: (frustrated) No. No, no, no. You're not helping me.
george: (shouting) I'm not looking for another line. I got the line.
george: (really animated) Alright, alright. You see? This is why I hate writing with a large group. Everybody has their own little opinions, and it all gets homogenised, and you lose the whole edge of it. I'm going with jerk store! Jerk store is the line! Jerk store! Yess!
george: Wha..wait a minute, wha..what about Reilly?
george: (surprise) What? I..I didn't hear about that.
george: So concerned was he, that word of his poor tennis skills might leak out, he chose to offer you his wife as some sort of mediaeval sexual payola?
george: (hopeful) So, details?
george: Because of society, right?
george: Reilly is no longer with the club. (getting up) You believe that?
george: Yeah, I'm gonna let it go.
george: (animated) Are you insane? Jerk store, woulda smoked that guy! Smoked him, I say.
george: (frustrated) Ohh, I wanted to see that. (waves his arms in frustration) Thanks. Thanks a lot.
george: (sitting) So, guess where Mr 'Ocean phoned' turned up? He's working for Firestone, in Akron, Ohio.
george: Yep. I'm leaving first thing tomorrow morning.
george: Don't you understand? It's not about him. To have a line as perfect as 'jerk store' and to never use it. I, I couldn't live with myself.
george: (adamant) It's smart. It's a smart line, and a smart crowd will appreciate it. (shouting) And, I'm not gonna dumb it down for some bonehead mass audience!
george: (waving apologetically) Not you.
george: (through a mouthful) Long as they don't throw 'em on the field. (laughs) Huhu. (indicating dish) Help yourself to some shrimp, I brought enough for everybody.
george: Well, you never know. (picks up more shrimp) Let's see how many I can fit in my mouth.
george: (standing) Oh yeah, Reilly? (smugly) Well, the jerk store called. They're running outta you
george: Yeah? Well, I had sex with your wife.
george: 'My wife's in a coma.' Yeah? Well, the life support machine called and...
george: (shouts) Wait! Yes! That's what I should've said! (frustration) D'ohh!
george: (cocky laughter) Huh haha! (shouts) You're meat, Reilly! You just screwed yourself! (laughter) Ha ha!
george: So, she went out with you on a first date.. and it was her birthday?
george: Is she socially awkward?
george: Well, maybe she decided to celebrate her birthday on the Monday after the weekend.
george: Eh, I can't. I gotta go down to the foundation. I'm interviewing high schoolers for the Susan Ross.. scholarship.
george: Nope!
george: Nope! (Starts heading for the door)
george: Noo!
george: (Standing in the doorway) I'm fine with it! Fi-hi-hi-hine I say! (Leaves)
george: Quick, what's your favorite animal?
george: (Disappointed) A frog?
george: (Annoyed) Frog is wrong.
george: (Reading) I see here that you play the harp.. tell me, why do you have to tilt it? Can't you just build it on an angle? It'd save you a lot of trouble.
george: (Annoyed) Yeah, yeah. We'll, uh, let you know.
george: (Reading) I see your G.P.A's a 4.0.
george: so, uh, Steven.. I see you're president of the chess club.
george: Who's your favorite chess player?
george: Right. (Mumbles) Nastercoff.. What country is he from, again?
george: (Gets up, stopping him) Woah, woah, woah! What are you telling me for? You really had me going, there! C'mon, sit down. (They both sit back down) What do you want to do when you grow up?
george: So, she's the loser of the group. Every group has someone that they all make fun of.. Like us with Elaine. (Jerry thinks about this, then shakes it off)
george: Are you looking deep down at the real person underneath?
george: (Changing subject) Hey, I htink I may have found someone for the scholarship.
george: I'm interviewing all these annoying little overachievers.. finally, this kid walks in - Steven Koren - a regular guy.. likes sports.. watches T.V..
george: (Defensively) He knows how to read. And he also knows finishing an entire book doesn't prove anything. And get this he's into architecture.
george: Yes. With a little guidance, Steven Koren is going to be everything I claim to be, only for real. That's my dream, Jerry.
george: Hey.
george: Ladies and gentlemen, this (Opens the door, Steven is standing there) is Steven Koren. His G.P.A. is a solid 2.0! Right in that meaty part of the curve - not showing off, not falling behind.
george: I'm sure we're all aware of the flaws and biases of standardized tests..
george: Besides, Steven Koren has the highest of aspirations. He wants to be (pauses for effect) an architect.
george: (Laughs) Steven, nothing is higher than an architect.
george: (Mutters) No, it's not.
george: (Irritated) It's called a T-square.
george: I was betrayed! That kid was like a son to me. And if there's one person you should be able to hold down, it's your own flesh and blood. Like my father.. my father's father before him.
george: You're spending the weekend with Ellen?
george: (To Kramer) You want to start?
george: Jerry, this whole Ellen situation.. has gone far enough.
george: (Concerned) Why're you doing this, Jerry? Is it your career? Things will pick up.
george: I though we said we weren't going to discuss that now!
george: Of course he should consider it, but now is not the time!
george: Well, Steven, I, uh.. (All the sudden, a small gang steps out of nowhere, surrounding George)
george: Oh.. nice.
george: What about architect, Steven?
george: Yeah, and I - I heard you got on their good side. Now, what'd you do?
george: (Frantic) Kramer, do you know what those guys are gonna do to me?!
george: You mean, like, a former member?
george: Hey, Van B. Boys.
george: Now, fellas, fellas.. easy. You wouldn't want to beat up on one of your own.
george: Right.. the sign. (Hesitates, then makes a series of stupid gestures)
george: (Defensively loud) It was when I was banging!
george: Love to! (Cracks his knuckles, then winces under the pain)
george: Alright, alright! (Goes out onto the sidewalk. The Seinfelds walk by) Seinfelds!
george: Shhh! Listen, you gotta do me a favor. Give me your wallet. I'll give it back to you later.
george: Eh, they're trying to pick out a new couch - you don't want to know. (Remembering the watching Van Buren Boys) Give me your wallet, or I'll spill your guts right here on the street!
george: Come on, hurry up, old man! I'm an animal!
george: (Pleading) Please, please, they're gonna hit me! (Attempts to grab Helen's purse, she starts hitting George defensively, he backs off)
george: Hey.
george: (sitting) Newww tuxedo. For the Pinstripe Ball. Steinbrenner is throwing a huge party at Tavern on the Green, heh!
george: (resentfully dampened) It's not a prom. It's a Ball.
george: Yes, of course I'm taking Allison. This woman is genetically engineered to go to a ball. Tall, blonde, lithe--
george: Live?
george: An' wait'll you see the dress that she's got. It's backless! Uh?! I'm finally gonna make a Great Entrance!
george: Elaine, when a woman makes a Ball Entrance.. she twirls.
george: She'll Twirl.
george: That is what Mr. Steinbrenner wants. He wants, everyone, ta, twirl around.
george: Hey! Uh--listen--did you get your--uh--boss's Knick ticket, for Kramer?
george: Oh! Great!
george: Woo! Courtside! (mock-snide) Is that the best you could do? Ha ha!
george: What?
george: (pause) Uh-oh.
george: She doesn't Want to talk, she needs to talk.
george: Who would Want to. She tried to end it with me, Jerry.
george: I told her I was out o' soda, I went out to get some, an' I never went back.
george: Yeah, I slept at my parents' house.
george: Ha! (snort) Can you believe it? (amused) I'm supposed to be havin' lunch with her right now at Pomodoro.
george: So? What'm I gonna do?
george: No. I like the ball! This is my One Chance to make a Great Entrance! My whole life! I have never made a great entrance!
george: (admitting) All right..
george: (resolved) Why not. (determined) If she can't find me, she can't break up with me. And, if we're still goin' out, she has to gooo to the ballll.
george: Yeah, yeah, right here. (hands it to him)
george: (clipping on shades) Ha.. She'll have to find me first. (leaving)
"george: (on tape, singing) ""Believe it or not, George, isn't at home, please leave a mes-saaage at the beep. I must be out or I'd pick up the pho-one. Where could I be? Believe it or not, I'm not hooome."" (beep)"
george: (answers phone, good mood) Hey.
george: No, I can't. She knows I go there. It's not secure. (the call waiting beeps) Hey, I got another call comin' in. I gotta let the machine get it. Bye. (hangs up)
"george: (on tape, singing) ""Believe it or not, George, isn't at home, please leave a mes-saaage at the beep. I must be out or I'd pick up the pho-one. Where could I be? Believe it or not, I'm not hooome."" (beep)"
george: (to phone) Hi, Allison? Oh, I guess you're not at home.. I probably should 'ave tried you at the office. Anyway, good to hear from ya, really looking forward to the ball.. (hangs up and happily chuckles) Ha ha!
george: So--ah, Kramer. Why'd you ask me out to dinner? (amused) An' why Pomodoro?
george: (quiet) Uh-oh.
george: Can't we discuss this?
george: (dismayed) I didn't even know you wanted to get serious!
george: (pause) Are you?
george: I, I can't believe this is happening!
george: Krama. Please.
george: Hi.
george: It's, funny runnin' into you here.
george: (embarrassed/self-conscious about his gut) Do I? Thanks.. You too..
george: (sad) Yeah! Yeah. Hey--hey you, you know.. Maybe I'll call you sometime.
george: (pause) What do you think, Jerry.
george: Krama. Open up! I--I know you're in there!
george: (sad) It's only four..
george: I--I've been, walkin' around all night.. I've been thinkin' about Allison and me.. an' you--
george: Please. Give me another chance.
george: (grateful, relieved) Thank you! I'm gonna make you both so happy!
george: (delighted!) Woooo!
george: Where's uh, where's Allison..
george: But you took me back.
george: Where are you goin'..
george: (afraid not) No no, no no no. You're not goin' in there.
george: (impatient) For her. Not for you.
george: All right, look--wait--wait--Krama--wait, wait a minute, you are not. You are not goin' in. Ah-ahhh!
george: So?
george: You said you grabbed it outta there real fast, right?
george: So I'm sure whatever germs it landed on were knocked out, and by the time the rest of them realised what was going on, you had already grabbed it out.
george: Was she mad?
george: You didn't tell her.
george: Finicky? Prissy? Fastidious?
george: Ahh, Steinbrenner gave 'em to us, in honour of Phil Rizzuto being inducted into the Hall of Fame.
george: Just the last few innings of a double-header.
george: Keys. I can't find my keys.
george: Have you seen 'em?
george: Dammit!
george: I got up, I was supposed to go to work, I came here instead.
george: I don't have a spare set. All my keys say 'do not duplicate'.
george: So you can't duplicate 'em.
george: So the plan is to secretly sterilise her mouth?
george: No, stings the throat. Anyway, so I was coming along here, and I felt like a piece of cake, you know? But then I thought, it's morning, I should really have a muffin. I like those chocolate chip ones. Then I figured, well, they're really both cake. So I, uh, I sat on that bench for a little while, twenty minutes or an hour, and then I figured, check and see what you were up to. (a thought occurs to him) Wait a minute, wait a minute. The broad jump! The broad jump over the pothole on Eighty-sixth Street!
george: Now I remember, as I jumped over the hole I heard a, like a jingling sound.
george: I was trying to stick the landing. (indistinct) ...was right around here.
george: No! No!!
george: No keys. And I been calling the city all day. Course there's not really a number to call if you wanna make a pothole.
george: I tell you this. If the real Phil Rizzuto was down there, this wouldn't be happening!
george: Really?
george: You think you could hook me up with these guys?
george: Seven-eight-four.
george: Yeah. Thanks for, thanks for coming by fellas. Eh, got a set of keys, buried in the pothole.
george: Just need to uh, to dig 'em up.
george: Nah, nah, it's uh, it's a long story. Just uh, try to get it up.
george: Yeah, I know that. (clears throat) Could you start, working?
george: (penny drops) Oh, uh, wait a minute, wait a minute. (snorts) Is this about money?
george: Hey.
george: Oh, I was uh, I was waiting downstairs for the jackhammer, thought I'd drop by.
george: Yeah. I got 'em down to fifty bucks. I just have to do all the jackhammering myself.
george: Ow!
george: ...stop pushing. (to Elaine) Kramer spilled ammonia.
george: Ah, I've had everything on the menu. Uh, surprise me.
george: (bemused) Really?
george: (pointing to himself) Like me?
george: (confused, to himself) Like me? But how?
george: Yes, yes, I am.
george: Hey.
george: Hey. You ready?
george: Jerry, figure this out. I'm in the coffee shop, and this beautiful girl I could never even talk to, mistakes me for her boyfriend.
george: (incredulous) I look just like him. I. Me. (flings his arms out) This! This is what her boyfriend looks like. How is that possible?
george: (wondering) Maybe he doesn't. Maybe he and I are exactly the same, except for one minor, yet crucial, detail. You never know.
george: Maybe it's some small thing I could change. Like a moustache. Or wearing a top hat, or a monocle, or a..or a cane.
george: (pointedly) She could do a lot worse than Mr Peanut, my friend.
george: (smiling) Uh, hi. Uhm, remember me? I..I'm the guy who looks like Neil?
george: Huh-Hi. (looks around a little) Uhm, is Neil here?
george: Oh, that's too bad. I kinda wanted to meet him, seeing as how we look so similar.
george: (disappointment) Oh. Course not.
george: (smiling) Listen, I..I..I don't mean to seem forward...
george: ...but is there any way that I could possibly have Neil's phone number?
george: You know, you could've just given me Neil's number. You..you didn't have to take me out to dinner.
george: Does Neil like to eat a big breakfast?
george: (looking at his watch) I really should get going. Y'know, I..I wanna be home in case Neil calls.
george: (hurried) I'll see you.
george: (animated) Some guy. Some guy? Neil! I have got to find out how he could get a girl like Danielle.
george: (surprised) So, I'm Neil? How did I do that?
george: I'm gonna go meet Danielle. (grabs his coat) There's a new Neil in town! (triumphant laughter) Hahaha!
george: (interested) Really?
george: (smug) Ah, I guess I showed Neil who's Neil.
george: (little worried) Coffee? (thinks) I can beat that. Move in with me.
george: (smiles) Beats the hell out of coffee.
george: I gotta stay one step ahead of Neil.
george: (animated) Then I'm going to Mars!
george: (tormented) Aw, shut up Jerry! Just shut up!
george: What, to see the old guy?
george: How old's the son?
george: What is with this family?
george: So?
george: Danielle. Where's Neil? (indicating the bed) Is this him?
george: (to Danielle) Whose cane is this?
george: (to himself) A cane. I knew it. (to Neil) So, we meet at last. I admire your skills, Mr Peanut.
george: Well, Danielle, (digs in his pocket) we should get going. I got a key made for you.
george: (shocked) What?
george: (animated) N..no, no. You can't leave me. (frantic) Marry me! I'll burn myself. I'll burn my parents!
george: Oh, boy I was up to four in the morning watching the Omen trilogy.
george: I can't to myself. I'm exhausted.
george: Not with that big glass window looking out into the hall. I'd love a good nap. That's the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning. I'll see ya'.
george: Jerry, look at my eyes.
george: Because I'm REFRESHED. I finally found a way to sleep in my office. Under the desk. I lie on my back. I tuck in the chair. I'm invisible.
george: Conrad, is it?
george: Uh, let me ask you a question. Could you, uh, expand the space underneath a desk to give it a little more headroom?
george: It'll have to be a night job anyway. You don't normally work after dinner, do you?
george: Do you think it might be possible to add a little shelf like, uh, for an alarm clock?
george: Like this.
george: Thanks. You know this could sound crazy but, what do you think about adding a drawer for - like a blanket?
george: Blanket.
george: Maybe like this.
george: Yeah, like that.
george: That is what I want.
george: Whatever!!. . . . Oh oh oh this is unbelievable. This is better than my bed at home.
george: Its been a long night. You go home and get some sleep.
george: That's what I want.
george: Good morning Mr. Wilhelm.
george: Jerry, I'm trapped under my desk. Steinbrenner is in the room. You got to help[ me.
george: Jerry, . . .
george: Sh, sh, goodbye, sh, get away.
george: ?? get away??
george: Can't you think of something. Call in a bomb threat.
george: Just CALL!
george: I'm sorry sir.
george: What?
george: Well, you really did it to me this time, Seinfeld. . . . What the hell happened here?
george: Hi. Look at how obtrusive this is.
george: Fitted Hat Day! That's what you asked Steinbrenner for?
george: Guess who he put in charge of Fitted Hat Day? Me.
george: Yeah, look at me. Now I GOTTA FIGURE OUT THE HAT SIZES OF 59,000 DIFFERENT PEOPLE!! WHAT IF A PINHEAD SHOWS UP. I GOTTA BE ON TOP OF THAT.
george: ??? KNOCK OFFS. I NOT GOING TO DO IT! AND YOU'RE GOING TO CALL STEINBRENNER BACK AND CANCEL THE WHOLE THING.
george: FINE? WHAT SIZE?
george: SEVEN AND FIVE EIGHTHS!!
george: I DON'T KNOW. It's this place. I'm very uncomfortable here.
george: Sir, I just got a call from the terrorist. I told him to call back here.
george: Let me put that on speaker phone.
george: ??? sir.
george: You have to stand tough sir. That's why I had to hang up the phone.
george: Finished.
george: Sir, I'm sure it's not a police matter.
george: Hi Connie, Jerry around?
george: There was something so reassuring about that cozy little space.
george: So, Marcy, you should've seen me in the hot tub yoday.
george: I was naked.
george: Really? What happened?
"george: Is ""yada yada"" bad?"
george: She is succinct.
george: Hey.
george: Yeah, dentist of the stars.
george: Hey, where you just at the health club?
george: What a succinct story.
george: Oh, it's not mine. It's my mother's.
george: Well, they gave birth to me, and, yada yada...
george: Yada yada yada...
george: Oh, you're in here.
george: I knew you had an appointment.
george: I'll leave when the guy comes in. I gotta tell you, I am loving this yada yada thing. You know, I can cross over my whole life story. (Picks up dental tool)
george: Hey, what this thing? Whew!
george: Hey, Tim. Quick question. Is it normal for your teeth to make noises, like a hissing or a chirping?
george: Fine, I'll make an appointment. (He leaves)
george: Well, we were engaged to be married, uh, we bought the wedding invitations, and, uh, yada yada yada, I'm still single.
george: Yada.
"george: Listen to this. Marcy comes up and she tells me her ex-boyfriend was over late last night, and ""yada yada yada, I'm really tired today."" You don't think she yada yada'd sex."
george: Really?
george: Well, I gotta do somethin'. (Walks over to bathroom. Kramer enters)
george: Well it was a helluva yada yada.
george: All right, enough! Enough! From now on, no more yada yada's. Just give me the full story.
george: Tell me about the free facial.
george: Which one?
george: Very good. Go on.
george: What's that?
george: Shoplifting.
george: Jerry, I gotta talk to you.
george: She, uh, went shopping for some shoes for the wedding and, yada yada yada, I'll see her in six to eight months. (Kramer and Julie enter)
george: So you're on the speed dial?
george: What number?
george: Wha! You know, it's a pain to change that. You gotta lift up that plastic thing with a pen.
george: Hey, so get this. I get a call this morning from one of the Mets front office guys. They wanna take me out to lunch.
george: (smiling) I'm on a winning ball club, Jerry. They probably wanna pick my brains.
george: (thoughtful) I have no idea.
george: (slightly worried) You know, I'm starting to get a little nervous about this lunch.
george: (surprise) Head of scouting?
george: (playing it cool) I'm still here.
george: So you're talking...
george: So, you need me to get fired.
george: (jokingly) You are still paying for this lunch?
george: ...meet the Mets. Come on in and greet the Mets.
george: There was no meeting. (gets one of the folding chairs) But it was quite a meeting. You are looking at the next director of Mets scouting. The only thing is, I have to get fired from the Yankees first.
george: Of course. But I really wanna leave my mark this time, you know, uh. I wanna walk away from the Yankees with people saying 'Wow! Now that guy got canned!'
george: Ehh. (nostalgic) Remember that summer at Dairy Queen where I cooled my feet in the soft-serve machine?
george: Yeah.
george: So?
george: What, she's ranking you?
george: What is a barometer exactly?
george: Sorry I'm late, but look what I found in the Yankee Hall of Pride display case.
george: Is it? (reaches into bag)
george: Huh, strawberries, anyone? (eats a strawberry) Ah, that's good. Ooh, juicy this time of year.
george: Gotta get the good ones.
george: Oh, that's bad. That's bad.
george: You wanted to see me, sir?
george: Oh, yes. I already packed up my desk, sir. I can be outta here in an hour.
george: Never thought I'd fail at failing.
george: (depressed) Feel like I can't do anything wrong.
george: (hopeful) Everything?
george: You really think so?
george: Alright. I guess I just have to pick myself up, dust myself off, and throw myself right back down again!
george: (pleased) I know.
george: Jerry. I can't get fired.
george: Attention Steinbrenner and front-office morons! Your triumphs mean nothing. You all stink. You can sit on it, and rotate! This is George Costanza. I fear no reprisal. Extension five-one-seven-oh.
george: (agitated) He's lying, sir! I'm tired of all your macho head games!
george: Mr Wilhelm, what was that?!
george: Yeah. No problem.
george: Woah, I gotta watch this guy's bag.
george: I'm sure he'll be back in a second.
george: Excuse me sir. Would you mind watching my bag for a minute?
george: Where are you going?
george: Yeah. I did some shopping. Some new clothes shopping. (turns to a man) Can I borrow your menu?
george: The guy never came back.
george: I'm still watching them.
george: All right, let me ask you something When do you start to worry about ear hair?
george: It's like puberty that never stops. Ear puberty, nose puberty, knuckle puberty, you gotta be vigilent. Let me ask you this Do you know where Walker Street is downtown? I've got a league meeting there.
george: I love it. New office, new salary. I'm the new Wilhelm.
george: They got a new intern from Francis Louis High. His name is Keith. He comes in Mondays after school.
george: Where are you meeting these women? When they get off the bus at the port authority?
george: Thanks. Thanks a lot.
george: Well actually I'm...
george: Little Rock, Arkensas.
george: It's beautiful. She makes all the plans. I'm not from around here so it's okay if I'm stupid, and she knows I'm only in town visiting so there's no messy breakup
george: I got a hotel room.
george: Well I don't know anyone here Jerry. Where else am I going to stay?
george: So?
george: Oh really. You tell her you shaved it?
george: Reality tour?
george: Yeah my parents have it. Sometimes it skips a generation.
george: Willie. Yeah.
george: Well what if I told you I'm thinking of moving here?
george: Eat me alive, huh? We'll see who can make it in *this* town.
george: Find a job. Get an apartment.
george: Never mind. The're done. All I have to do now is redo them. You know if you take everything I've ever done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent.
george: What's desert?
george: He eats those?
george: I think I understand this. Jay Peterman is real. His biography is not. Now, you Kramer are real.
george: But your life is Peterman's. Now the bus tour, which is real, takes to places that, while they are real, they are not real in sense that they did not *really* happen to the *real* Peterman which is you.
george: $2300.
george: Yeah.
george: Yeah, well I uh got lots of other stuff to show you too. Wait till you see the plum job that I landed.
george: Yes. Very nice to have had her to mention... (starting to leave)
george: Be right with you. Look Mr. Steinbrenner.
george: Dogs, twists, a kind of fermented chicken drink.
george: What clothes?
george: (talking on the phone) Jerry you gotta bring me some clothes down here. I lost my job with the Yankees. I'm standing in the men's room on 43rd street in my underpants.
george: I got to give the players most of the credit for that.
george: No, I don't know who was doing that.
george: They had a pastry cart you wouldn't believe.
george: She is a good waitress.
george: You're going to the Tony's?
george: Why didn't you ask me? I know a million theater jokes. 'What's the deal with those guys down in the pit?'
george: It's a funny observation.
george: Severance package...The Yankees are giving me three months full pay for doing nothing.
george: I'm really going to do something with these three months.
george: I'm gonna read a book. From beginning to end. In that order.
george: I'm gonna play frolf.
george: Frolf, frisbee golf Jerry. Golf with a frisbee. This is gonna be my time. Time to taste the fruits and let the juices drip down my chin. I proclaim this The Summer of George!
george: Hey, 'The White Shadow' is on...
george: Jerry, my vacation just started. I need a day or two to de-compress. Besides, I did plenty today.
george: I bought a new recliner with a fridge build right in to it.
george: Shadow!
george: Kramer?
george: She had a dude?
george: How do you know it was her dude?
george: Sure, dudes in this town are dime a dozen.
george: Or maybe, she just wanted to go to the Tony's. I tell you what; you ask her out again. No Tony, just Jerry. That way you know it he was her dude or just some dude.
george: All right, that's enough. I gotta go home and take a nap.
george: I tell you; I'm wiped.
george: De-compressing.
george: 'Scarsdale surprise'. That's the musical about that Scarsdale diet doctor murder.
george: What, Minelli's!?!
george: Who's that?
george: Hey Kramer.
george: How's that Tony?
george: Why can't we do this on the phone? What's Kramer doing now?
george: Kramer. Anything good in there? Any Popsicles?
george: (on the answering machine) Jerry, what's happening? Come on, pick up the phone.
george: Hey, I've done that today.
george: Nah, the cable's out. What's with you? You look dead.
george: (Laughs) Relationship intern...hey, what if two of us teamed up?
george: No, no...
george: No, listen; we are always sitting here, I am always helping you with your girl problems and you are helping me with my girl problems. Where do we end up?
george: Exactly! Because neither one of us can't handle a woman all by ourselves.
george: I've tried. We don't have it. But maybe the two of us, working together at full capacity, could do the job of one normal man.
george: Yeah, two for the 715 of Novaj pravas (?). What you're wearing the green sweater?
george: She doesn't like. Here is your blue one, it's her favorite. (Takes sweater out of his bag.)
george: Just put it on! All right now, remember she had her nails done today so remark how you like the color. And if you need me you beep me, all right. Here you go, hey, hey, hey, hey...(sprays Binaca into Jerry's mouth.) Go get'em you're a tiger!
george: A little notice would've helped! How many people?
george: I know, I know...don't skimp. Go go go go...
george: Hi, I need some party invitations.
george: About a year ago. Wedding invitations.
george: No complaints.
george: Actually, (George flips the book back to the beginning) I'll take these nice glossy ones.
george: Hey, frolf?
george: Yeah, sure.
george: He frolfs, he scores...(he drops one invitation on the stairs.)
george: Hello.
george: Yeah, the super glossy. The best they had.
george: All right, All right, keep your towel on.
george: It's a joke.
george: I slipped on the invitations...how's the towels?
george: With the two of us?
george: This was supposed to be 'The summer of George'! The summer of George.
george: Still a little summer left.
george: What is Holland?
george: No, that's the Netherlands.
george: Then who are the Dutch?
george: I know, I hate it too. I feel like an out of work porn star.
george: Well why didn't we?
george: What if we grew muttonchops?
george: Buzz cuts? Parachute pants!
george: (resigned) Dammit.
george: Hey hey hey, check me out, huh?
george: Yeah, with crutches everyone has questions.
george: Nah, with crutches it's a funny story, with a cane it's a sad story. You through with those?
george: Alright, we're back in!
george: And you're the shark?
george: I don't know how a fish could eat laughs.
george: (on the phone) Oh my God.
george: I got a job interview. They want to see me this afternoon.
george: Oh, it's beautiful. It's in sports.
george: Playground equipment.
george: Yeah haha.
george: (holding his cane) I gotta hobble. (walks out)
george: I got the job?
george: Well, no.
george: Handicap? (gesturing to his cane) Oh, I'm not handicapped.
george: Yeah, I didn't mean that.
george: (shocked) When do I start?
george: (Thomassoulo helps George get up) Yeah, what the hell.
george: Jerry, it's fantastic. I love the people over there. They- they treat me so great. You know they think I'm handicapped, they gave me this incredible office, a great view.
george: Yeah, yeah, well, because of the cane. You should see the bathroom they gave me!
george: Jerry, let's face it, I've always been handicapped. I'm just now getting the recognition for it. Name one thing I have that puts me in a position of advantage. Huh? There was a guy that worked at the Yankees-- no arms! He got more work done than I did, made more money, had a wife, a family, drove a better car than I did.
george: All right, I made up the part about the car, but the rest is true. And he hated me anyway!
george: I love that bathroom. It's got that high, high toilet. I feel like a gargoyle perched on the ledge of a building.
george: What's with all the butter?
george: Who?
george: You miss her, don't you?
george: You miss her.
george: Hey.
george: (sniffing) Hmm. Game hen?
george: No, I fake limp on my right. This is a real limp because I sprained my ankle.
george: Well, I was buttering myself up for a nice shave --
george: I must have dripped some on the floor and I slipped and...
george: So what, he's got a couple of good jokes.
george: That's true, that always happens to me.
george: I don't know, I like stuff you don't have to think about too much.
george: Maybe I am.
george: Puke! That's a funny word. Puke. (laughing) Puke! Don't have to think about that.
george: Good morning, sir.
george: Oh, no, that's just the old, uh, the old handicap acting up.
george: Oh well, that's, uh, thats just because we're, uh, standing on opposite sides.
george: Yeah, see, uh, when we met, I was over there and, uh, you were over here, so the image, uh, the image was reversed, like, uh, like in the mirror.
george: See? This looks right to you, doesn't it?
george: (passes cane from right to left and back a few times) But, see here. Right. Wrong. Right. Wrong. Right. Right. Wrong--
george: Well, you're not gonna believe what happened.
george: Play Now thinks I got problems in both legs. My own personal Rascal, Jerry. On the house.
george: How's the trip?
george: Well. Gotta motor.
george: Ah, you still going on in front of Bania, eh?
george: What are you talking about? (Jerry grins) You're not!
george: You're throwing the set?
george: Listen Jerry. With all due respect, Bania's voice is the voice of a new generation. My generation.
george: Nevertheless. His time has come.
george: Now if you will kindly help me unwedge my front wheel, I'll be on my way.
george: Whatcha got there, the 4-volt? Heh, I did you a favor.
george: Oh yeah?
george: Are you a religious man, sir?
george: Ive had my difficulties.
george: Mr. Thomassoulo during times of great stress, people are capable of super human strength. Have you ever seen the Incredible Hulk, sir?
george: How about the old Spider Man live action show?
george: I dont understand.
george: Clearer
george: Why not? Pay is good. I got dental, private access to one of the great handicapped toilets in the city.
george: Theyre the ones who should be ashamed. They signed me to a one-year contract. As long as I show up for work every day, they have to pay me.
george: Hello-o-o-o Elaine!
george: (doing the voice) Not at all.
george: Thats beautiful.
george: Witness.
george: Percentage?
george: Good Morning!
george: Hi Allison, thats a nice dress.
george: Hey Glenn!
george: Heard that one already.
george: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. (Hes sitting on the floor in his Play Now office).
george: Siege mentality, Jerry. They really want me out of here. Theyve downgraded me to some sort of a bunker. Im like Hitlers last days here.
george: Oh no! Im vigilant. Theyll never get me out. Im like a weed, Jerry.
george: Im a weed in Hitlers bunker.
george: Well, Play Now is through playing. They turned the heat way up in my office. They tried to sweat me out.
george: I dont know, 120, 130Then they sent some guys to sandblast for 6 hours. Tomorrow they are putting in asbestos.
george: Bring it on!
george: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o Kramer!
george: (doing the voice) La la la.
george: (Interrupts) And I still say hes naked under there!
george: Oh, shut up!
george: (whistling).(laughing).AlrightOK.
george: (on phone  calling secretary) Hello Margery, George Costanza. How are you sweet heart? Listen, can you give Mr. Thomassoulo a message for me? Yes. If he needs me, tell him (screams) IM IN MY OFFICE! Thanks.
george: You broke up with her? Why?
george: I think Im getting tired of it. I mean is that all it does? Hello? La-la-la?
george: I think I like the girl better than the voice.
george: I told you.
george: (talking from bathroom) Witness?
george: I think Play Now is putting something in my food.
george: I told you.
george: You see if I stay the whole year, I get it all.
george: Well played.
george: You have to drink that whole thing?
george: Would a giant rubber ball work?
george: Well, Play Now has all kinds of different rubber balls. Why dont we test your bladder system at my office?
george: Oh, yes I am. Mr. Thomassoulo likes to play dirty. Well, theres nothing dirtier than a giant ball of oil.
george: (again from bathroom) Witness.
george: Oh, you might want to stick around Jerry. Mr. Thomassoulo picked the wrong man to hire because he was fake handicapped.
george: Hey, use mine. Ill let you in.
george: I uh, took care of that.
george: I insist. Ill fix us a drink. (phone rings  who would that be?) I got it.
george: So, check out my view.
george: Hey, theres Kramer & Darren.
george: Hello.
george: Yeah.
george: No.
george: Yeah.
george: (doing the voice) Im slippery as an eel
george: All right, Dad, we're five blocks from the house. Sit sideways.
george: What is that?
george: Are you supposed to yell it?
george: What happened to the screen door? It blew off again?
george: Why does she want you to be mad?
george: So what do you care what she thinks.
george: She probably gets that impression because you're cool. You're under control. Like me. Nothing wrong with that.
george: Not really. Your voice kind of raises to this comedic pitch. (Kramer enters)
george: I told ya. Hey, any of you guys want to come out and help me fix my father's screen door in Queens?
george: Really? You wanna come?
george: Dad, the hinges are all rusted here. That's why the wind keeps blowing the door off.
george: Dad, what's all this?
george: You're selling computers?
george: Dad, you know what it takes to compete with Microsoft and IBM?
george: Wow! I didn't try that 'til I was 23.
george: All right, relax, tough guy. I got to go out to my father's garage, help him sell some computers.
george: Kramer.
george: What-what are you doing?
george: Morning, ma.
george: Morning, dad.
george: What is Lloyd Braun doing here?
george: Yeah, of course she did. That's all I ever heard growing up is 'Why can't you be more like Lloyd Braun?' Did you know he was in a mental institution?
george: (Inquiring about the chalk board) What is this?
george: You know what? It doesn't matter, because I quit!
george: You wanna sell computers? I will show *you* how to sell computers! Hello, Mr. Farneman. You wanna buy a computer? No? Why not? All right, I see! Good answer! Thank you! (Lloyd rings his sale bell) Serenity now!
george: Jerry, can I talk to you for a second? (They enter Jerry's apartment)
george: (hearing Jerry broke up with Patty) Are you still down in the dumps? Come on. It's just a chick.
george: Well, I got just the thing to cheer you up. A computer! Huh? We can check porn, and stock quotes.
george: What?
george: I-I'm already here. I'm here. I'm here. Uh, you know what? If you want a computer, call me. I-I gotta go.
george: I don't want to hear it, Kramer!
george: What signal? What-what signal?
george: If I do it, will you buy a computer?
george: Only if you buy. I gotta make a sale.
george: Will you shut up?!
george: Well, sure. They're Jewish, and you're a shiksa.
george: It means a non-Jewish woman.
george: You've got 'shiksappeal'. Jewish men love the idea of meeting a woman that's not like their mother.
george: I'll tell you what's insane the price that I could get you on a new desktop computer.
george: There's porn.
george: Damn it!
george: (Entering Jerry's apartment with a cartload of computers) Jerry, I've found a way to beat Lloyd Braun! I buy the computers myself, I store 'em in your apartment. Then, after I win the contest, I bring 'em all back and get my money back. Ha ha! It's brilliant. What? What's wrong with your leg?
george: (Leaving) I'll store these over at Kramer's apartment.
george: (using the phone) Watch how it's done. Oh, hello, Mr. Vandelay? Would you like to buy a computer? Oh, really? Two dozen?
george: What do you know? You were in the nut house.
george: I heard they found a family in your freezer
george: Jerry! I did it! Haha! I beat Braun!
george: Come on, wanna give me a hand with the computers?
george: Why couldn't you squeeze one of those stupid rubber balls to get your stress out? Why did you have to destroy *twenty-five* computers?
george: Oh, please don't tell me you love me again, Jerry, I can't handle it.
george: All right... here goes...
george: So, that's it. All of my darkest fears, and... everything I'm capable of. That's me.
george: Where you going? I-I thought I could count on you for a little compassion.
george: I love you, Jerry.
george: You know, all these years, I've always wanted to see the two of you get back together.
george: Well what about all the Lloyd Braun sales?
george: Dad, you really should lay off the 'serenity now' stuff.
george: 'Hoochie mama'?
george: What are you doing?
george: Oh yes, by no means, the mood. Let me know if there's anything I can do to lend support to the mood.
george: Um, cream soda?
george: I was, I had to leave. She lit some vanilla incenses. The smell drove me nuts, all I could think about was food, I had to get out of there. We need some pudding here! Pudding!
george: I told I had a bus transfer that was only good just for another hour.
george: I don't know, I was starving Jerry!
george: Oh, pudding! You want some?
george: What are you kidding? We look great! You know what this pudding needs? The skin on the top, you know like your mother used to make it on the stove.
george: So eh, what do you say?
george: Ok, we got your...got your strawberries, your chocolate sauce, your pastrami on rye with mustard, your honey...
george: Oh yeah yeah, don't you know they used pastrami in that movie 9? weeks? Remember the pastrami scene?
george: Well, maybe it was Ghostbusters? Where ever it was, it worked!
george: No.
george: She tolerated the strawberries and the chocolate sauce, but eh, it's not a meal, you know? Food and sex, those are my two passions. It's only natural to combine them.
george: Jerry, I'm not suggesting getting rid of the girl. She's integral.
george: Hey, speaking of which, I found a great way to separate the skin from the top of the pudding without leaving any around the edges; Exacto knife.
george: Well, I guess these would be out of the question. (pulls out two pudding skins in plastic bags.)
george: Pudding skin singles.
george: Oh, Tara!
george: Three pints of Kramer's blood?
george: Well, so much for purification week.
george: Doing quite well, thank you. Yesterday I had a soft boiled egg and a quickie. You know what? If I could add TV to the equation, that would really be the ultimate.
george: She's right, I heard Kramer got mugged out on the suburbs on a baby-sitting gig.
george: Oohoho...spicy mustard...woohoho, you're hot tonight!
george: And now for the trifecta. (Picks up a hand held TV and gets back under the covers.)
george: Pleasuring you?
george: I got greedy. Flew too close to the sun on wings of pastrami.
george: I don't know. This sandwich is making me flush.
george: I think you're right. You gonna eat that?
george: These fries are really really good...
george: Uuh, sleepy.
george: Yes she is. It's a pity we won't be seeing much more of her.
george: Oh, you haven't heard, she's going to live with her grandparents in Redding Pennsylvania.
george: Yes they did. I was covering. Elaine has been deported back to Scotland.
george: All right, no more lies. Elaine is been chosen to represent the Upper West Side in the next Biosphere project.
george: That's because it's underwater.
george: Is it?
george: Well, it's all for charity, so what's the difference.
george: Well, I'm also an architect. Is that pastrami?
george: Very.
george: Vivian!!
george: Yeah, Jimmy why don't you wait outside, you know, play with something.
george: Ouch!
george: I'm baby-sitting! Vivian asked me to raise him if she doesn't make it.
george: (knocking on the counter and feigning a muffled, Chinese voice) Chinese food!
george: Who was it?
george: What about your old car? They couldn't get Kramer's blood out of it?
george: Fragile Frankie Merman? I never liked that guy.
george: Every summer you guys went to camp together. I was jealous. Felt like he was the summer me.
george: I made him up.
george: No.
george: (holding a magazine cover) Mira Sorvino. Think she'd go out with me?
george: I can't. I gotta make the weekly call to the folks.
george: I gotta prep. I need a couple of anecdotes, a few you-were-right-abouts. It's a whole procedure. Wasn't Fragile Frankie the one that used to run into the woods every time he got upset?
george: Is he still nuts?
george: Hey, it's Georgie.
george: Ma!
george: Dad, it's me. Hey, listen, I was at Fortunoff's the other day, and, you know what, you were right.
george: Chinese food?
george: After dark? Please. At their age, that's like swallowing stun grenades.
george: That's dynamite. Yeah, I'll look for the Chinese food leftovers.
george: Nothing. Uh, I don't know. I gotta go.
george: Just dropped in for a visit. You, uh, you never called me back.
george: What? Where are you going?
george: You're going like that?
george: (checking the fridge) No Chinese leftovers. George is gettin' suspicious.
george: (surprising his parents in the kitchen) Welcome back.
george: Quick for a... catered affair.
george: You ditched me. That's twice. Now I demand to know what's going on!
george: I'm not following.
george: You're cuttin' me loose?
george: They don't want to see me anymore!
george: It is. I'm just not ready yet.
george: Ah, shut up, Jerry. My parents think they can ignore me. Heh heh. Well, they better think again.
george: You remember my cousin Rhisa? I'm gonna date her.
george: One little wink. She'll freak out, tell my parents. They'll be all over me. Who is this guy?
george: Elaine's in love with the Wiz guy?
george: That's pretty pathetic.
george: Uh... hey. I'm gonna get going.
george: (at dinner with his cousin) Some more merlot?
george: Sure. You know, Rhisa. I've always found you... very attractive.
george: I know it may sound shocking. But, I just can't stop myself from... wanting you.
george: No, no. I-I just want us to be... together.
george: All right?
george: Well... we could dance around it a little first.
george: Whoa! Whoa! Geez!
george: She's leaving me dirty messages on my answering machine.
george: She wants to keep it quiet. She... thinks we have a real future together.
george: Why is the mailman wearing a bucket?
george: Then... shouldn't you be wearing the bucket.
george: Wait a minute? He's picking up the van tonight? This is perfect. I'll drive Rhisa to someplace romantic. Then when my father slides the door open, I'm in the van kissing his brother's daughter.
george: Yeah, hold on. I'm, uh, I'm just trying to get a reading on my dashboard compass. Where are my parents?
george: I think he's saying 'Son of Sam'! Oh, my God!
george: (running out and away from the van) I knew it wasn't Berkowitz!
george: Jerry! Hey, that's the guy!
george: Oh. The summer me.
george: (seeing Jerry's van shaking) What is that? That van's a-rockin'.
george: (seeing his parents being intimate) Oh, my god!
george: Ohhhh...
george: Oh, God...
george: Oh... make it stop.
george: You know I uh, spilled a yogurt smoothie in here two days ago. Hm, Can't smell anything, can ya?
george: Right.
george: Oh they'll get out of the way. You really smell banana?
george: So uh where we eating?
george: What ever they had. Miranda thinks I'm a butcher but i-i-it's not my fault is it? Don't we have a deal with the pigeons?
george: Right! And these pigeons broke the deal. I will not accept the blame for this!
george: I'm getting nothing.
george: Really? I thought you and Celia were sleeping together?
george: I don't understand women.
george: Hey (sees the coffee stain) Art Garfunkel?
george: Right.
george: Ahh, Ah-AhWe had a deal!
george: Jerry?
george: Well, it happened again.
george: Well I just stomped some pigeons in the park. They - they didn't move.
george: I-I don't get these birds! They're breaking the deal. It-it's like the pigeons decided to ignore me!
george: Boy that-that bank clock is-is eight minutes off.
george: Zing.
george: Did you see that? That-that pigeon didn't move! I had to swerve to get out of the way! I saved that pigeons life!
george: Squirrel? Well, we have no deal with THEM!
george: Well, uh, are there any other options?
george: What might that cost?
george: Well? (Miranda hits George) I was just - I'm curious, that's all. We, uh. We'd like you to, do everything possible.
george: Yeah. yeah. I-I know.
george: So they're flying the tiny instruments in from El Paso.
george: Oh, come on! You gotta get me over there!
george: More wine and turkey? (Pours Celia more wine)
george: Oh.
george: Four hours.
george: (playing with toys) Ahhhh, Yes! Touch down! Your turn, Jerry. (hands Jerry the Mattel Football. George starts playing with the Etch-a-sketch.)
george: Is he dead?
george: So ... uh, squirrel.
george: What's that?
george: He has no home. He's a squirrel.
george: It's not a pet! It's a wild invalid! And it knows that I tried to kill it. As soon as it gets better, it's gonna gnaw my brain out in my sleep!
george: That's perfect! He's a zoo guy! He take's care of animals. C-Can I bring the squirrel by?
george: I gotta get to Fowler. I know that he would take this squirrel off my hands. It's practically bionic!
george: Boy, my knuckles are still cramped from that football game.
george: Hey, last night, I found a whole Weeble Village right behind the EZ Bake oven.
george: Oh, me, me, me, me, me!
george: Oh, don't look. T-This is the part where they change me.
george: I was seven and a half.
george: Mister Fowler, I-I have a squirrel here that is a miracle of modern science! (laughs)
george: Uh.
george: Ahhhh, Ahh, Ah, Ahhh, Ahh, Ah!
george: Well, at least we know the prosthetic squirrel hips work ... sorry bout the set.
george: Yeah, he's in my bed. I'm sleeping on the couch.
george: Still getting nothing!
george: So go ahead pigeons. hu hu hu. Laugh it up. I'm getting in my car now and the last I heard ... we have NO DEAL!
george: Does that mean I have to go too?
george: Hey, shut up.
george: And on your dates.
george: Well, at the Yankees it was all about smoothing things over, you know, chiseling away, grinding down. In fact we used to call it 'the grind'.
george: That should be 14, let me just...(corrects it with a pen.)
george: You won't regret this, sir.
george: ...and then when I saw the photo I remembered where I'd seen him; the boom box incident.
george: Summer of '89 I'm at the beach. This family sits up next to me. I go in to the surfs and when I come from out, my clothes, my towel, my umbrella, they're all gone. I am furious, I start screaming to these kids demanding my stuff back and finally I lose it; I grab their boom box and I chuck it in to the ocean.
george: Then I see my clothes floating out there. The tied took them out, not the kids.
george: So now, the father is screaming at me, he's demanding that I pay for the boom box. Finally, I gave them a fake address and got the hell out of there.
george: Until that stupid photo jogs his memory.
george: Yeah.
george: It is a horrible company. There's no management what so ever. I could go hog wild in there.
george: Like retouched.
george: Oh, this is good. This Kruger guy is clueless. I can't wait to work for him.
george: What did you do here? You took out the wrong guy.
george: Well, I'm still here. You took out the other guy!
george: I am aware!
george: I just pray Kruger doesn't realize that it's gone until this guy can fix it up.
george: When are you going on your next date with her?
george: What, you're gonna pass up a wonderful opportunity to put that aloe pusher in her place?
george: This good be so sweet, Jerry. Saving lives? She's one step away working at the clinique counter!
george: Of course not! Wash it, dry it, move on!
george: No no no no no, this has to be carefully orchestrated. You go to a fancy dinner, flowers...
george: Yeah, you gotta do it classy (wipes his mouth to his sweater.)
george: Almost. Couldn't get the girl go out with me the second time.
george: What is this? This is a drawing.
george: This is a cartoon!
george: But it's not a photograph, I need a photograph!
george: I know. The only way to fix it now, is to get a whole new photo of Kruger.
george: Without his shirt on.
george: It seemed so disorganized.
george: What about the Coast Guard? Seems like a lot of pride there, a lot of tradition.
george: I think.
george: Maybe I could be a land guy.
george: Someone's have to unhook the boat before it leaves...the place!
george: I forgot to ask you; how did the revenge date go?
george: Did you dressed nice, did you do it classy?
george: Yeah you did, you classed it up!
george: Oh, so it backfired?
george: So, I guess I was lucky that I never tried that myself.
george: Wait a minute, she did a skin cancer screening at Peterman?
george: Could she do that at Kruger?
george: So I set up a screening, everyone takes their shirt off and click, I snap me a shot of a bear-chested Kruger.
george: Jerry, you gotta talk to Sitarides.
george: And that was wrong, Jerry! You simple must to apologize..
george: Yes! Because it is the mature, adult thing to do.
george: I just talked to Mr. Kruger, he'll be down in a minute. He wanted me to take a photograph for the record.
george: His personal file, I, I don't ask...
george: Jerry, what are you doing...
george: Dr. Sitarides don't go! Oh, thanks Jerry!
george: Aah, yeah, yeah. Won't you head on in, we'll be in in a second. Be right with you.
george: Kramer, this is perfect. I need you to go in there, pretend you're a doctor and check this guy for moles.
george: And get a picture of him, with his shirt off.
george: Alright, lets get in there. Quick, quick, quick...
george: Kramer, I really owe you one.
george: What?
george: So, tell him you're concerned about it and he should see someone else.
george: Because, you're not a dermatologist.
george: Whoa, whoa, a section?!
george: No, you're not taking a deli slicer to my boss...
george: No! Absolutely Not!
george: Yep, and the photo was all fixed and back on his desk, no thanks to you.
george: Why don't you see someone about it?
george: You're not a doctor. You shouldn't even have books like this.
george: You can't tell him the truth, you're gonna blow the whole thing.
george: I'll get him to see a real doctor. You just stay away from this.
george: Eh, listen Mr. Kruger, I got a message from Dr. Van Nostrand and he says it might be wise to you to see another doctor about that mole.
george: Well, he said it could be cancer, maybe you should get it checked out.
george: Whatever.
george: Well, that pear shaped loser was me! And I was in that photo, until I broke in here, stole the photograph and airbrushed myself out of there!
george: That's what they tell me!
george: He said he didn't care. Oh, God I love that place. Hey, have you seen other dermatologist?
george: What did he give you for it.
george: Have to give him time on this hour.
george: So, Elaine, are you going to sleep with me or what?!
george: (Angered) Fine. I'll ask you again when you're rested.
george: Yeah, I hope so. For your sake!
george: You can stuff you sorries in a sack, mister!
george: I don't want to talk about it.
george: (While skimming a Monk's menu) You know, I didn't go to the bathroom the entire time we were in India.
george: (While pointing at Jerry) Not me! Him! His fault! He betrayed me!
george: Oh you can stuff your sorries in a sack, Mister!
george: (To his girlfriend) Nina, you have to decide right now. Jerry or me?
george: What?! Well, what are you doing here?
george: Five' eight! Five' seven!
george: (Whispering to Jerry) What time is our flight back? I got to go to the bathroom.
george: (Struggling) No, no, no, no. I can walk it off. It's a hundred and twenty degrees in here.. I'll sweat it out.
george: (Looking at her nose) Is your nose pierced?
george: Yeah. (Points to two open seats in front of Jerry's. To Nina) Sit down there. (Sees Jerry in the crowd) Hello, Jerry. (Obviously angered at Jerry) I believe you know Nina.
george: (Trying to keep his voice down) I think you've done a lot more than talk! You betrayed me!
"george: (Outraged) ""That's all""?! That's everything! I don't know what all the rest of it is for anyway!"
george: You can stuff your sorries in a sack, mister!
george: It's an expression.
george: (Trying to whisper to Jerry) Look, we are gonna settle this right now! I demand reparations! I should get to sleep with Elaine. That's the only way to punish you!
george: (Losing it) Funny guy!
george: Elaine, you have to sleep with me.
george: Reparations!
george: (Loud, so everyone at the wedding can hear) You slept with the groom?!
george: No (snorts - Laughing nervously)... I'm gonna wear black shoes.
george: (Leading Nina out the airport) Oh, no. No. We're good. Let's get goin'. Alright. (Almost bumps into Jerry) Watch it, funny man. (Leaves)
george: Hello, friend. Enjoying the flight?
george: (Heavily sarcastic. He's angered at Jerry) Good one. Very funny. You're very funny, Jerry. That's what I always tell people. (Yelling out) Jerry Seinfeld's a funny guy!
george: Of course I'm all right. I'm here with my girl, Nina. And what better way to pass the time than gabbing with my best friend -- with whom there are no secrets. (Flashes two intertwined fingers) Like this. Since the fourth grade.
george: (Yelling out to the whole coach) Funny guy! (Points to Jerry) Right here!
george: Ho, ha, ho! Jerry Seinfeld's a funny guy!
george: So, Jerry and Nina, huh?
george: You already told me everything.
george: Hey.
george: For how long?
george: Great. Jerry, I gotta tell you, I had the BEST TIME with that Nina last night. I - I think I'm in love with her already. You are a great friend. (Hugs Jerry) A great, great friend.
george: Great! (snaps fingers and grabs the extra plane ticket) Nina could go, huh? Jerry, this is great. You and Elaine. Me and Nina.
george: (Asking Elaine) Jerry seem a little weird when I mentioned Nina?
george: Why do you keep saying Nina?
george: Uhh.. I'll- I'll meet you down there.
george: FDR?
george: (Guessing the look) Stink eye?
"george: Oh, it's a bad day. Uh, you got everyone in your house, you're thinkin', ""These are my friends?!"""
george: Timberlands. (Showing Elaine his boots)
george: Jerry, would you make the call already?
george: (To Elaine) Told me the same thing.
george: You-you sure you never slept with her? (Jerry shakes his head 'no') Perfect.
george: (Rubbing his stomach) Ooh.. Something's not sitting right..
george: I'll have the Clams Casino.
"george: (Showing Jerry the menu) ""Chef recommends"""
george: (Motioning toward waitress) I think she likes me.
george: So, how come nothing ever happened between you and Nina? (Getting paranoid) Is there a problem with her? Is she a man?
george: Well, what's the reason?
george: How engrossing?
george: Wow! Heh. (Half kidding) You don't, huh, have a replacement lined up for me, do ya? heh he he he he he...
george: I'm all for awkward pauses. Fix me up with her.. Wait a minute, Nina just saw me in my Timberlands! Now I have to wear them every time I see her.
george: In any other shoe, I lose two inches. I - I can't have a drop down. We were eye to eye, I can't go eye to chin!
george: In every situation. No matter how silly I look. (Tastes his Clams Casino) Hm.. tastes a little funky.
george: Ah, this is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive.
george: Yeah, and a whole new me. I'm up two inches in these babies!
george: Five' eight. Five' seven.
george: Nice to meet you.
george: How as the date?
george: Whooo.. (To a waitress taking orders) Ooh.. French fries.
george: (clearing his throat, he changes his order for Susan) Baked, uh, potato.
george: Sorry.
george: Hey!
george: She ate breakfast naked?
george: I've had bedroom naked, I've had walk-to-the-bathroom naked... I have never had living-room naked.
george: It's like you're livin' in the Playboy Mansion! Did she, uh, did she frolic?
george: (seeing Elaine and Puddy come into Monk's) Yeah. Hey, Lainie, Puddy.
george: 'Stanky Hanke'? What did he want?
george: Ho ho ho ho! I can't wait for Hanke to come crawling back to me.
george: Still upset. Very upset.
george: Remember that New Year's party he threw a few years ago? He had that very drafty apartment, you know, I think on Ninth Avenue.
george: I asked if I could borrow a sweater.
george: I said preferably cashmere, for warmth. So in front of the whole party, he says, 'No. I don't want you stretching out the neck hole.'
george: Oh, yeah, sure, laugh it up. Everybody else did!
george: Regardless. I had to walk around for the rest of the party in some cheap Metlife windbreaker. Now, it is payback time.
george: It's my head!
george: So she coughed.
george: Everything goes with naked.
george: Oh, you spoiled, spoiled man. Do you now how much mental energy I expend just trying to picture women naked?
george: All right. It's grovel time.
george: What are you up to now, uh, Step Nine?
george: Important step. Maybe the most important.
george: (entering Jerry's bathroom) Well, Hanke's moved on to Step Ten. He was spotted taking personal inventory.
george: All he has to do now is count his blessings, say a prayer, and he's done. Do you believe this?
george: (entering Monk's) Oh, hello, Hanke, others.
george: You know, Jason, I, uh, I couldn't help notice, I... I didn't get my apology.
george: A drafty apartment? A... sweaterless friend? A ball-game giveaway Metlife windbreaker?
george: Yeah, the neck hole thing, and I would appreciate it if you would say you're sorry.
george: You're an alcoholic! You have to apologize. Step Nine! Step Nine.
george: Jerry, I felt like a straight man in some horrible sketch. He was riffing! Riffing! On my pain!
george: That's right. I'm two in the hole!
george: Did you explain to her about the good naked and the bad naked?
george: Well... what if you showed up bad naked, huh? You still got that belt sander?
george: (going into the bathroom) Well, you on all fours, that thing vibratin', kickin' up sawdust, ho ho! She'll get the picture!
george: So you're Jason Hanke's supervisor?
george: Whatever. Listen, I'm very concerned about this guy.
george: Yeah, well when you don't actually do the steps, you can go through them pretty quick. You can get through six a day.
george: I don't know. A little thing called Step Nine? Instead of an apology, he was beboppin' and scattin' all over me.
george: Well, aren't you the boss of him? You shouldn't let him move up! When I was in the Cub Scouts, I got stuck on Weebolos for three years 'cause I kept losing the Pinewood Derby.
george: Well, I think you should drop him down to Step Two.
george: Yeah, let him chew on that for a while.
george: All right. That's more like it. Thank you very much. (giving the sponsor the 'be strong' hand clench) By the way, my uncle was an alcoholic, so...
george: (sitting down) Where's Hanke?
george: What? Rate-aholics?
george: Hey, I am not here for rage. I'm here for revenge.
george: Excuse me. Am I talking to you, Pinhead? Am I?!
george: I'm losin' it!
george: Probably because this whole Universe is against me!
george: I know. And now they want me to bottle it up. It makes me so mad!
george: This bread has nuts in it!
george: Why not? It's a good look for a woman.
george: Well, some women like it.
george: Well, I'm here. What is it?
george: (ready to leave) Well, thank you.
george: Uh, excuse me, uh, um, Jason. I don't want to get into a big thing here, but... I'm not sure if, technically, what you just said was actually an apology.
george: Well, it's just, all you said was 'your welcome', which is nice. It's very nice. But... I feel I gotta get the apology.
george: I would like an apology.
george: Baah! There it is! You just said it! That's what I want! Now say it again, and tell it to me.
george: Excuse me. Is this, uh, Rage-aholics?
george: Thanks. What are you guys doin' here?
george: Right.
george: Step-skipper. That man is a step-skipper! He skips Step Nine!
george: That's right! He never apologized to me for saying that I would stretch out the neck hole of his sweater.
george: It wasn't funny.
george: He's beboppin' and scattin', and I'm losin' it!
george: Oh, yeah. Still in good with the ground crew. (Laghs)
george: I'm gonna get some more of these kosher cocktail franks.. (leaves)
george: Hey.
george: Great! I ate the entire platter! Had to call in sick today.
"george: Hey, I work for Kruger Industrial Smoothing ""We don't care, and it shows."""
"george: Hey, at least I'm bringing something to this. (Starts flipping through envelopes, reads one ) ""Have you seen me?"" (Flicks it aside) Nope. (looks at next envelope) Woah, something from Whatley."
"george: (Reading the card from Whatley) ""This holiday season a donation has been made in your name to the Children's Alliance.""?"
"george: I got him Yankee's tickets! He got me a piece of paper saying ""I've given your gift to someone else!"""
george: Don't you see how wrong that is?! Where's your Christmas spirit? And eye for an eye!
george: Nothing. It's a card from my dad.
george: It's nothing, stop it..
george: (Interrupting) Jerry, No!
george: No!
george: (pleading) Alright..
george: Jerry! Stop it!
george: I can't take it anymore! I'm going to work! ARe you happy now?! (Gathers his things, and runs out of the coffee shop. Elaine and Jerry laugh hysterically)
george: So, attractive one day - not attractive the next?
george: Yes, I am familiar with this syndrome -- she's a two-face.
george: (Annoyed) If that helps you..
george: (Identifying what Jerry said) Clint Eastwood!
george: Hey, check this out. I gotta give out Christmas presents to everyone down at Kruger, so I'm pulling a Whatley. (Give a Christmas card to Jerry)
george: (With pride) Made it up.
george: What do you think?
george: (Once again, Identifying) The Outlaw of Josey Whales!
george: Alright. Uh, well, I'm out of here. (Gets up to leave)
george: (Interrupting) No!
george: Stop it! It's nothing. It's a stupid holiday my father invented. It doesn't exist!
george: Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas! (Co-worker gives a gift to George) Oh, Sandy! Here is a little something for you.. (hands her a card)
george: Phil, I loved those cigars! Incoming! (Flicks his card tward Phil)
george: Aw, Mr. Kruger, Sir. Merry Christmas! (Hands him a card)
george: The Human Fund.
george: Exactly. (Sees an off-camera co-worker) Erica!
george: So, she was switching? Back and forth?
george: So, just bring her here. This is all you really need.
george: Lights out.
george: (Pointing to them) Office Christmas gift. I tell you, this Human Fund is a gold mine!
george: I know. I cut the button off and poked a hole with a letter opener.
george: What is that? Is taht the pole?!
george: (Sulking) That's why I hate it.
george: (Complaining) I can't read it. I need my glasses!
george: No! No! Turn it off! No feats of strength! (Gets up and starts running out of the coffee shop) I hate Festivus!
george: 20 thousand dollars?
george: Hey! Surprise, surprise!
george: (Sees Gwen's meal) Hey, soup.
george: Ohh.. Paco! (Flicks rubber band tward the kitchen) Hey, take a look at this. (Hands Jerry Kruger's check)
george: I don't know.
george: I've been doing a lot of thinking. This might be my chance to start giving something back.
george: I'm serious.
george: I think I could be a philanthropist. a kick ass philanthropist! I would have all this money, and people would love me. Then they would come to me.. and beg! And if I felt like it, I would help them out. And then they would owe me big time! (Thinking to himself) .. First thing I'm gonna need is a driver..
george: Well, there could be.
george: Well, I - I could, Uh, I could give the money back. Here. (Holds it out)
george: Well, sir, I - I gave out the fake card, because, um, I don't really celebrate Christmas. I, um, I celebrate Festivus.
george: Festivus, Sir. And, uh, I was afraid that I would be persecuted for my beliefs. They drove my family out of Bayside, Sir!
george: Oh, no, Sir. Festivus is all too real. And.. I could prove it - if I had to.
george: Happy Festivus!
george: Yo, dad. This is my boss, Mr. Kruger.
george: Dad, he doesn't need to see the pole.
george: Happy Festivus! (Sees Elaine) Yama - Hama!
george: Embracing my roots.
george: Busted cold.
george: Oh, God.
george: Not the feats of strength..
george: Kramer! You can't go! Who's gonna do the feats of strength?
george: Oh, please, somebody, stop this!
george: Oh, come on! Be sensible.
george: Ow! .. Ow! I give, I give! Uncle!
george: When are they gonna have the flying cars, already?
george: Years. When we were kids, they made it seem like it was right around the corner.
george: No. That's just electric.
george: (Sarcastically) What's the competition, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang?
george: The government is very touchy about us being in the air. Let us run around on the ground as much as we want. Anything in the air is a big production.
george: And the underwater bubble cities?
george: Shhh What is wrong with you? You never tell 'em you like the car. (Advising) You're not sure what you want. You don't even know why you're here.
george: I'm starving. We should have had lunch first..
george: Since when is Elaine's boyfriend selling cars? I thought he was a mechanic.
george: There's an easy move go from screwin' you behind your back to screwin' you right to your face.
george: Puddys just gonna give you the car, huh? (Skeptically) Youll see. First they stick you with the undercoating, rust-proofing, dealer prep. Suddenly, youre on your back like a turtle.
"george: My father had a car salesman buddy. He was gonna fix him up real nice. Next thing I know, Im gettin dropped of in a Le Car with a fabric sunroof. All the kids are shoutin at me, ""Hey, Le George! Bonjour, Le George! Lets stuff Le George in Le Locker!"""
"george: Look at these salesmen. The only thing these guys fear is the walk-out. No matter what they say, you say, ""Ill walk out of here right now!"""
george: (Threatening) Hold it! One more step and were walkin!
george: (Still with a tone) He is. You dont know what Im doin here.
george: (Mocking, skeptic) Yeah, you show us the 900.
george: Im starving. You got any of those free donuts you use to soften people up?
george: (Getting up, he addresses Jerry) All right, remember no rust-proofing. Commit to nothing. If you have to speak - mumble.
george: Dont think it cant happen! (Leaves)
george: Hey, hey, hey! Whats goin on here? (To Jerry) You didnt agree to anything, did ya?
george: (Aggravated) Well, I got screwed on the donuts. There were none left. Heh!
george: (To Jerry) Hey, gimme a dollar.
george: (Talking it) Im here helpin you.
george: (On his way out) Heh, heh, heh. Thats what they want you to think.
george: Twix.. (Makes various noises) B-5.
george: Ah, come on!
george: Ah, excuse me. Do you have, uh, change of a dollar?
george: Could I, uh, could I trade you for another dollar?
george: (Stopping him) Ah, excuse me. When your, uh, when your wallet was open, I - I glanced inside, and I couldnt help but notice that you have several crisp dollar bills.
george: (Persistent) Perhaps you could look again, please? Im very hungry.
george: (Losing it) I guess everyone here enjoys giving the old screwgie, huh?! Youre all doin a hell of a job! (Looks longingly at the Twix in the machine) Ho, ho. What I would do with you..
george: People can drop change down here, Jerry. And theyre too lazy to pick it up.
george: The cashier is at lunch - which is where Id like to be.
george: (Looking at his finger) I think somethin bit me. I just need another nickel.
george: Ho, ho, ho! Hes got a live one. Hes just reeling his big fish in!
george: (Stingy) Its wrinkled. Its worthless.
george: (As the Twix starts to move) Ha, ha, ha, ha! (The Twix gets stuck in the spindle right before falling. George begins to pound the machine) Come on! Jump!
george: They did?
"george: As you will see, the candy bar is paid for, and yet, remains dangling in the machine. (Notices that the Twix slot is completely empty) Hey, its gone. Where is my Twix? (Quickly looks around. His sights fall on the window of a door labeled ""Employees Only"". The same mechanic from before is eating a candy bar) What?! That guys eatin it!"
george: Uh, it was dangling! There were only two left in the machine! He mustve bought one, and gotten both.
george: No! (The salesman walks away. He addresses the mechanic through the doors window) Hey! Hey! I see you! That is my Twix! (The mechanic eats the last of the Twix, obviously to make George even more angered. It works) Oh, ha, ha! Ho, ho!
george: Excuse me. I believe you just ate my Twix bar. It was dangling. And when you purchased your Twix bar, you got a little freebie, and you never bothered to ask why, or seek out its rightful owner.
george: Huh. You must think Im pretty stupid. (The mechanic shoots him a look as if he cleary does think hes stupid) That was no 5th Avenue bar. I can see the crumb right there in the corner of your lip! Now, that-that-that is a cookie - and we all know that Twix is the only candy bar with the cookie crunch.
george: Nougat? Please. I think Ive reached the point in my life where I can tell the difference between nougat and cookie. So lets not just say things that we both know are obvious fabrications.
george: (Watching the mechanic leave) I know about the vein! I cant believe this guy..
george: Hey, starving! (Grabs the box from Jerry)
george: I tried to tell you, but you wouldnt listen. No, ho, ho! You were gonna get a deal, huh? Theres no laws in this place. Anything goes! Its Thunderdome!
george: Stay back! (Runs out of the room, pushing Jerry out ahead of him)
george: All right, Puddy, listen, and listen good I need to know the name of that mechanic that walks around here. Big guy, a liar. Short name. Sam? Moe? Sol?!
george: Im starving! I can feel my stomach sucking up against my spine.
george: (Standing up) Yes. This is wrong!
george: Just because a candy bar fails to fall from its perch
george: (Losing it) does not imply transfer of ownership. Moe, Sol, or Lem is not gonna get away with this!
george: Yes, Id like to report a problem with one of your mechanics.
george: (To the man behind him in line) Yeah, right Im gonna get my car repaired at a dealership. Huh! Why dont I just flush my money down the toilet?
george: One of your guys - Kip, or Ned, short name - stole my Twix candy bar!
george: He might as well have! I caught him, and his face was covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs.
george: Oh, it was. But he claimed it was a 5th Avenue bar.
george: Oh, no, no. Twix is the only candy with the cookie crunch.
george: No. Rice and caramel.
george: No.
george: Please.
george: All I want is my seventy-five cents back, an apology, and for him to be fired!
george: They all have swirling chocolate in the commercial!
george: All right, do you mind? I have the window! (To Willie) Now, what are you gonna do about my Twix?
george: No! Theres no coconut!
george: Now, if this mechanic guy, was, in fact, eating a 5th Avenue bar, as he claims, wouldnt you agree he would have no problem picking one out from a candy line-up?
george: Ive spent the last hour preparing ten candy bars with no wrappers or identification of any kind for him to select from.
george: Only I hold the answer key to their true candy identities. And so, without further ado, I give you the candy line-up. (Opens a door to a back room. Various dealership employees are munching on candy bars)
george: Thats my candy line-up! Where are all my cards?! Theyre - theyre all on the floor!
george: And you! How many Twix does that make for you, today?! Like, 8 Twix?!
george: Its a Twix! Theyre all Twix! It was a setup! A setup, I tell ya! And youve robbed it! Youve all screwed me again! Now, gimme one! Gimme a Twix!
george: (Yelling out, frustrated. The camera spins from a top angle) Twwwwiiiiiixxxxx!
george: (Munching on a hamburger) This Arbys is good.
george: I dont know. All of em. Theyre all crooks! Besides, I couldnt get all different candy bars, anyway.
george: What was that?
george: And this is the first you're seeing of the coat?
george: An apartment-warming gift? We got to give presents to people for moving? Birthdays, Christmas, it's enough gifts. I would like one month off.
george: All right, but we're not buyin' it at Bloomingdale's. I will buy it, you pay me back later. I'll sniff out a deal. I have a sixth sense.
george: Hey, look at this. This is the same massage chair we're gettin' for Joe Mayo, $60 cheaper.
george: I'll have 'em overnight it.
george: It doesn't matter if it's more comfortable. It's wrong.
george: Because important things go in a case. You got a skull for your brain, a plastic sleeve for your comb, and a wallet for your money.
george: I need everything in there.
george: I might go there.
george: All right, just gimme that. And gimme some of those Sweet & Lows.
george: A man carries a wallet.
george: Love to.
george: No, I don't have it yet.
george: No, I brought a picture of the chair.
george: I thought we'd all sign the picture.
george: (answering the phone while walking away) Joe Mayo's apartment?
george: And you threw it out the window?
george: God, you're like a rock star.
george: Well, I'm satisfied. Uh...my back is...killing me.
george: This...is an organizer, a secretary, and a friend.
george: Here, just give me a couple of napkins.
george: There, there I'm fine.
george: I think I had some hard candy in there.
george: No, no, this is supposed to go to Joe Mayo's apartment.
george: Ahhh. How does this thing work?
george: Ahhhhh...
george: Ahhhhh...
george: Yeah?
george: Not yet. Oh! Ho ho! God...
george: It's in... transit.
george: (hearing Elaine over the phone) What, she's out?
george: Allllll right!
george: (hangs up the phone) That's my toaster. I got to go. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!
george: Hey.
george: It gets here when it gets here. Would you stop ridin' me?
george: Excuse me?
george: Oh, I can't believe you're dropping out, too. So now Kramer and I have to pay for the entire gift?
george: He's the guy we're the buying the chair for, remember? It was your suggestion.
george: Oh, so now I have to buy this whole chair by myself?
george: I already bought it! I've been lyin' to you for three days, and now you're all screwin' me!
george: I needed it! My back is... a little tweaked.
george: Never! It is a part of me. I will just return the chair, and it will be easy, because the receipt is in my good friend.
george: Well, at least, I'm not carrying a purse.
george: Learn guitar, first lesson free? Huh.
george: My receipts! The chair! My tiger poster!
george: Hey!
george: That's cute.
george: No, never mind.
george: Maybe it's got something to do with that 42 in the corner .
george: Well, I can't crack this one.
george: try shaking it...(long pause) Well,Janet should be here any minute.
george: Aah! the minute I saw this girl, we just clicked. She's got such a nice face. hummmm her eyes, her mouth, nose
george: Jerry, Elaine, I give you.. Janet.
george: Oh! euh.. Yeah We just can't go to the supermarket to get some candy.
george: Hey! George and Janet.
george: Kramer, what are you talking about...Janet doesn't look anything like Jerry
george: No..hummm, What do you know about what you look like.
george: (nervous) All right now we're going bye bye.
george: Well,,, it's getting dark.
george: What does that mean?
george: (to Jerry) What do you mean by that?
george: Oh! I know....'Cos you don't think Janet?..
george: Why would I...
george: Yes.
george: No...
george: Exactly.
george: ...neither am I.
george: Where's the crazy man, Come on up.
george: Haaaaaa!!!
george: Don't leave (George slams the door)
george: What's the decision?
george: Silence YES!!
george: (frantic by now) SHUT UP,SHUT UP, SHUT UP,...(then leaves)
george: (we hear him think) My friends are idiots, she doesn't look like Jerry. She doesn't look like anybody. And so what if does look like Jerry,what does that mean?. That I could have everything I have with Jerry but because it's a woman I could also have sex with her....And that somehow that would be exactly what I always wanted.....She doesn't even look like Jerry..
george: I know....
george: You know, you know what's great about our relationship?...It's not about looks.
george: No, Can't be...For instance I remember when we first met, we had a great conversation.
george: ....But after that we really talked didn't we?
george: Na....no ... This relationship he..he..has got to be about something and fast or I'm in very serious and weird trouble....hum What else happened?
george: Aw right YES! GUM! Good enough I'll take it.
george: I do too. you see that's what we're about . You don't remind me of anyone and we love gum.
george: I'm losin' it
george: OK Look, the gum isn't cutting it for me. We need to be about something else...anything..please.
george: Your hair?
george: George is in big trouble....
george: like that (looking at Jerry)
george: ..That.
george: Yes..
george: Nooo...
george: Exactly..
george: We...must never ever speak of this again..
george: Actually I think I'm gonna take a few days off (starts to leave)
george: (clears throat) Maura, I, uh- I want you to know... I-I've given this a lot of thought. I'm sorry, but... we, uh, we have to break up.
george: (double takes) What's that?
george: (puzzled) W-we're not?
george: All right (he smiles weakly at Maura)
george: She said no.
george: What could I do?! We fooled around and went to a movie!
george: Well, I don't really like her.
george: I don't find her attractive.
george: I'd like to sleep with a LOT of other women.
george: Sometimes at restaurants she talks to her food 'Ooh, Mr. Mashed Potatoes, you are sooo goood.'
george: And in bed--
george: What?
george: I got some cufflinks I could've loaned you.
george: You already have an in. You have the same first name!... (no reaction) 'Jerry'!
george: Well, it worked when I met George Peppard last week.
george: Well, whoever he was, he knew a lot about The A-Team!
george: And so, for all these reasons, we are officially broken up. (shuts book and reaches for door) Thank you, (opens door) and good night.
george: (gestures towards book) But I proved it!
george: Well, then, I am gonna have to ask you to turn your key.
george: (shouting) Turn your key, Maura. Turn your key!
george: (from the street below Jerry's window) Jerry!
george: (puzzled) I bought it. (enters lobby)
george: Sounds like a scam. (takes a bite from the granola bar)
george: So, I broke up with Maura. It's done. I'm out.
george: Feels right. (cheerfully takes another bite)
george: (looking at the door) He's starin' at us.
george: Want a bite?
george: (in his mind) I think that ginger ale at the coffee shop is just Coke and Sprite mixed together. How can I prove it? Ah! Can't, dammit. (knock at door. George goes to open it)
george: (still by the door) What? M-Maura, what are you doin' here? I ended this relationship... twice!
george: Why does it always seem like I'm the only one working at this break-up?
george: (pauses to consider this then gives in) All right. (starts heading towards bedroom)
george: (entering Monk's) Hey.
george: (sitting down next to Jerry) Seeing Maura. Apparently, I was unable to break up beyond a reasonable doubt.
george: Who's this, Blue Arrow?
george: Hey, Elaine. Maybe his girlfriend is Lois Loan.
george: Hey, maybe this cheating thing is what I could use to ditch Maura.
george: She's like a district attorney. If it's not the truth, I'll break under the cross. I actually have to do it.
george: Hey, you know, there's this secretary at work that always had a crush on me.
george: She's too tanned. It's the middle of the winter, she's like a carrot.
george: So, you... you say you've been in the city all winter?
george: Well... (shuts door) heeere we are (puts down his coat and chuckles)
george: (excited) Ho ho! (gestures and steps towards bedroom but Loretta walks the other way to the couch)
george: (walking back) Are you sure? 'Cause it could really help me out of a jam.
george: Oh, not more building.
george: No?
george: (after hesitating, resignedly) All right. (He sits down and smiles unconvincingly at her)
george: This isn't going well.
george: You don't need the cufflinks! You have the same name! (no reaction) 'Jerry'! (heads for door, grabbing his coat)
"george: (opening door) It's a big night. I'm, uh, ice skating with one, and going to a staged reading of ""Godspell"" with the other."
george: (shaking his head, weary) It doesn't matter. (he leaves)
george: The, uh, actor that played Jesus made some odd choices.
george: I mean, uh... I had fun ice skating.
george: Maura. (starts acting dramatically, looking from Maura to Loretta and back again) Oh, my God! What are you doing here?!
george: (standing up, still acting) Uhh! I'm caught in my own web of lies! (holds his hands up in surrender)
george: (laughs hysterically, gesticulating wildly) This is all blowing up in my face! My serious girlfriend, and my torrid love affair have accidentally crossed paths. I have ruined three lives... (grabbing coat) Well, I understand if you never want to see me again, so... (points towards door)
george: (astounded) What? So, this is still not over?
george: You?
george: All right. (throws his coat back down on the seat and sits down opposite them)
george: All right. I'm gonna try givin' them fifty-five dollars each... (to Elaine) What do you think?
george: So, what's in the cooler? (flips open the lid)
george: When are they gonna learn that any news about China is an instant page-turner? (seeing Jerry with a small black device) What's that?
george: How much was it?
george: Where are you gettin' a Wizard for fifty dollars?
george: I got a message from the Rosses at work today.
george: At the funeral, give or take. You know, deep down, I always kinda felt that they blamed me for Susan's death.
george: No, he isn't.
george: I thought he looked Irish.
george: That's not Irish.
george: Should we be talkin' about this?
george: No, it isn't.
george: Well, it would be OK if Darryl was here.
george: (pulling out some money) Uh, yeah. Hang on. Just... yeah.
george: (on the phone) Uh, Mrs. Ross? It's-it's George.
george: George Costanza. Susan's, uh, friend? Long time no speak.
george: Oh, I just, uh, leased a house out in the Hamptons, and I have got to get out there this weekend and sign the papers.
george: Oh, sure. I mean, after all, you were almost my, uh... OK, I gotta go.
george: Well, you know, I've been lyin' about my income for a few years. I figured I could afford a fake house in the Hamptons.
george: How are they gonna make that book into a movie?
george: Yeah?
george: Oh.
george: (to a street vender selling hot dogs) You must hate hot dogs, huh? Or else, you, uh, you really like 'em and that's why you, you do this.
george: I'll tell ya, if I had one of these things, I'd be eatin' hot dogs all the time.
george: Mmm... no.
george: Actually, I did have a thought.
george: Why don't you just ask him?
george: Maybe he's, um... mixed.
george: I really don't think we're supposed to be talkin' about this.
george: (standing up) I'm just gonna go to the bathroom.
george: Yeah.
george: Rosses.
george: Well, sorry I missed that, uh, charity thing. But this was one of those truly glorious Hampton weekends that you always hear about.
george: Yeah, I may move out there. (getting 'yeah, right' glances from the Rosses) I mean it, I'll do it! OK, I'll see ya later. Keep it real!
george: (entering Jerry's apartment) Jerry?
george: (to Elaine) What are you doin' here?
george: (to Elaine) He asked you to get the mail?
george: (taking the phone from Elaine) Jerry, why is Elaine getting your mail?
george: What about the mail?
george: (hanging up) All right, Jerry. I'll do it. See ya.
george: So, I ran into the Rosses again.
george: From me.
george: I told them I have a place in the Hamptons. What did you say?
george: So, they knew? Those liars!
george: Yeah, but they let me go on and on all about the Hamptons, they never said a thing! You don't let somebody lie when they know you're lying. You call them a liar!
george: Yes. Thank you! Is that so hard?
george: Hmm-hmm, not by a long shot. I'm calling up the Rosses and inviting them up to my non-existent place in the Hamptons. Then we'll see who blinks first.
george: This is not about them. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to exercise Jerry's gaskets.
george: So... here I am. Ready to take you to the Hamptons.
george: Do you have your bathing suits?
george: Speak now, or we are headed to the Hamptons. It's a two-hour drive. Once you get in that car, we are going all the way... to the Hamptons. All right, you wanna get nuts? Come on. Let's get nuts!
george: You want to hear more? The master bedroom opens into the solarium.
george: Yes, two solariums. Quite a find. And I have horses, too?
george: Snoopy and Prickly Pete. Should I keep driving?
george: (chuckling to himself) Housewarming gift. (swerving the car to go to the antique stand) All right, we're taking it up a notch!
george: Almost there.
george: We, uh, we go on foot from here.
george: There's no house! It's a lie! There's no solarium. There's no Prickly Pete. There's no other solarium.
george: Then, why? Why did you make me drive all the way out here? Why didn't you say something? Why? Why? Why?
george: Oh.
george: Well, I know when I'm a little strapped, I sometimes drop off my rent check having forgotten to sign it. That could buy us some time.
"george: Or we don't even send the check and then when they call, we pretend we're the cleaning service. Heh heh. ""Hello? I sorry, no here Kruger."""
george: I had 'em, Jerry. They loved me.
george: I lost them. I can usually come up with one good comment during a meeting but by the end it's buried under a pile of gaffs and bad puns.
george: I can't just leave.
george: You never played Vegas.
george: I like Christian rock. It's very positive. It's not like those real musicians who think they're so cool and hip.
george: Tell you how you could check.
george: Reprogram all the buttons, see if he changes them back. You know? The old switcheroo.
george: No, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you.
george: Well that's the gist of it!
george: By the way, how did Puddy get back in the picture?
george: Alright, well why don't we smooth the head down to nothing, stick a pumpkin under its arm and change the nameplate to Ichabod Crane?
george: (getting up and leaving) Alright! That's it for me. Goodnight everybody.
george: I knew I had hit my high note so I thanked the crowd and I was gone.
"george: I saw ""Titanic"". So that old woman, she's just a liar, right?"
george: Hey, so, did you give that radio the old switcheroo?
george: And the Christian rock?
george: Jerry, do you have any fishsticks?
george: I think it's neat. You don't hear that much about god anymore.
"george: I'm against all ""it's me""s. So self-absorbed and egotistical, it's like those hip musicians with their complicated shoes!"
george: They? The Government?
george: I guess there are no small diseases, only small actors.
george: (leaving) Alright that's it for me. Good night everybody.
george: She's still doing that?
"george: Alright, I'll tell you what you do. You call her back and give her the ""it's me"", heh? Pull the old switcheroo."
george: What the hell is a gander, anyway?
george: Good, let her think it.
george: Ask about you, ask about you.
george: Abort! Abort!
george: That was very real.
george: Woah, back it up, back it up. Beep, beep, beep. Tractor story?
george: You know what I think? I bet she stole a tractor.
george: Does she walk around holding a pen she never seems to need?
george: Oh. Okay, here it is, I got it. She lost her thumbs in a tractor accident and they grafted her big toes on. They do it every day.
george: How's her handshake? A little firm, isn't it? Maybe a little too firm?
george: Hands a little smelly?
george: (To a passing waitress) I'll have some coffee and a doughnut.
george: (to the waitress bringing his doughnut) And a slice of devil's food cake.
george: Hey. Where is everyone?
george: I am?
george: This is a huge project involving lots of numbers and papers and folders.
george: Okay.
george: And?
george: A scar?
george: A tractor.
george: I don't see why's she more self-conscious about that than her toe thumbs.
george: Well, if she keeps horsing around with that tractor--
george: Two-man? It's all me. Kruger doesn't do anything; Disappears for hours at a time, gives me fake excuses. This afternoon I found him with sleep creases on his face. The only reason I got out to get a bite today was that he finally promised to buckle down and do some actual work. (turning around, George sees Mr. Kruger at a booth eating a piece of cake) Oh, I don't believe this. This is what I have to put up with, Jerry. (He walks over) Mr. Kruger? Who said he was going to do some actual work today? Who?
george: Well I am. Couldn't you try to go through some of that stuff I put in your shoebox?
george: (to Jerry) Huh-ho! Have you ever seen anything like this?
george: Would you mind helping me out with some of this stuff?!?
george: No! I don't! Don't you even care? This is your company! It's your name on the outside of the building! Speaking of which, the 'R' fell off and all it says now is K-uger!
george: Huh-ho! Oh! You are too much, Mr. Kruger! Too much!
george: Oh no, you're not going out on a high note with me Mr. Kruger!
george: No! No!
george: I read somewhere that this Brentano's is the place to meet girls in New York.
george: I'm gonna hit the head.
george: (Acting innocent) I'm all set.
george: (Not sure what the answer should be) What do you want to hear?
george: They made me buy it.. A hundred bucks this thing cost me. (Gesturing to the book) How dare they?! I got news for you, if it wasn't for the toilet, there would be no books.
george: They're selling coffee, bran muffins.. you're surrounded by reading material. It's entrapment!
george: I find the soothing pastorial images very conduc-
george: Well, I'm gonna go back there later and return it when there's different people working.. You want to catch a movie?
george: (Praising Leo's stealing) Alright, Leo! Stickin' it to the man!
george: You, uh, didn't dance again, did you?
george: You went home with him?
george: Hey, me too.
george: Well, unless you tell everybody you're dating.
george: Yes, I, uh, I need to return this book.
george: Why not?
george: (Confused) Flagged?
george: It says that on the computer?
george: (Outraged. Leaving) Well, you just lost a lot of business! Because I love to read!
george: Well, I've to every Brentano's. This thing's flagged in every database in town!
george: I don't understand what the big deal is. They let you try on pants.
george: Nothing.
george: You know, I could let it go for.. say.. a hundred and twenty-five.
george: (Wanting Elaine to take it off his hands, he tries to silence Jerry) Jerry, simmer down.
george: Simmer!
george: (The damage has been done. He is slightly angered at Jerry) May I ask, what do you read in the bathroom?
george: Well, aren't you something?
george: Well, I assume there's some sort of write-off.
george: Uh, about two hundred dollars, Miss DeMooney.
george: Oh.
george: (Nervous) Wh-what are you talking about? That - that's rediculous.
george: (Desperate to get rid of the book) Alright, I, I'll just take fifty. Do - do we have a deal?
george: I could take it in merchandise..
george: I can't sell the book. It's been marked.
george: So, I'm gonna steal another one, and then return it. That way, everything is even.
george: I'm goin' in!
george: No! Jerry!
george: Mario's Pizza.
george: Just as she was. Hey, Mario! Remember us?
george: We'll have 2 slices and 2 grape sodas.
george: Hey, Jerry, remember Frogger? I used to be so into this game. Gettin' that frog across the street was my entire life.
george: Double jump! Eat the fly! Eat it!
george: Ah, beat it, punk.
george: Yes! 860,000. I can't believe it's still standing. No one has beaten me in like 10 years.
george: The perfect combination of Mountain Dew and mozzarella...just the right amount of grease on the joy stick...
george: Yeah.
george: Oh! Here you are. Ha ha...You, uh, you want to--
george: Well, I'm doing it, Jerry. I'm buying the Frogger machine. Now the torch will burn forever.
george: So, you want to come down to Mario's Pizza with me and help me pick up the Frogger?
george: What?
george: You're right. Why must there always be a problem? You'd think just once I could get a break. God knows I earned it with that score!
george: No. I need a guy that can rig a Frogger machine so that I can move it without losing power, 'cause I have the high score. H-hello?
george: Well, is he good, Kramer?
george: Kramer, listen to me. I'm never gonna have a child. If I lose this Frogger high score, that's it for me.
george: Slippery Pete?
george: All right, I'm gonna find a guy with a truck. GLC must live on!
george: So you slept with her?
george: And you automatically sleep with her?
george: Finished your thought.
george: An ostrich burger.
george: You know, they say ostrich has less fat, but you eat more of it.
george: What's that?
george: Now, each of you is here because you're the best at what you do.
george: Slippery Pete, Kramer tells me you are one hell of a rogue electrician. And shlomo, you're the best truck driver.
george: Oh...you're very good.
george: Ok. Good. And Kramer, you're in charge of taping off the loading zone.
george: All right, all right, calm down, calm down. Whatever happened in the past is past.
george: Now, this is the basic layout for Mario's Pizza.
george: What do you mean?
george: No. I--I paid for it.
george: We're not stealing it.
george: All right, let's--let's focus. Can we get back to the plan?
george: Fine. Steal the battery. Now, all right, here is the Frogger. This is the front door, and this is the outlet.
george: The outlet?
george: That's where the electricity comes out.
george: Uh, here.
george: The Frogger is here.
george: All right. You understand now? It's not that complicated.
george: Jerry, you came for the big moment.
george: Ha ha. Everything's timed out to perfection, Jerry. Slippery Pete's got the Frogger running on battery power, the truck will be there any minute, and Kramer's taped out the loading zone.
george: Yeah, yeah. You gotta come over tonight. We can play.
george: Where?
george: I hear thee.
george: What are you guys doing?
george: You idiots. You're gonna wear down the battery.
george: Quick. Get this thing back in the pizzeria
george: I need an outlet!
george: Holes! I need holes!
george: All right. Kramer, you block off traffic. You to go sweet-talk the pharmacist.
george: Wait a minute. This looks familiar. This reminds me of something. I can do this.
george: Jerry, I've been preparing for this moment my entire life.
george: What happened to your voice?
george: Well, Jerry, I been thinkin'. I've gotten as far as I can go with George Costanza.
george: The nickname. George. What is that? It's nothing. It's got no snap, no zip. I need a nickname that makes people light up.
george: But I was thinking...T-bone.
george: There's no G-bone.
george: That's a myth.
george: T-bone steak.
george: Well, I am just a T-bone kinda guy. Love that T-bone. In fact, you might as well call me--
george: Uh, no. No, we shouldn't.
george: Hey, it's George. Listen, I-
george: No. No T-bone.
george: 'Cause Neil Watkins from accounting is T-bone!
george: Your girlfriend is doin' your laundry?
george: You're sleepin' with the maid?
george: I've done that. Did you ever eat an ostrich burger?
george: Excuse me. Can I talk to you for a second there, Watkins?
george: The thing is...I'm supposed to be T-bone.
george: What? Now, you listen to me!
george: Ok, everybody, uh...I have an announcement to make. From now on, I will be known as-
george: What?
george: Koko.
george: Yeah. So, how's Cindy the maid?
george: Tell me about it. I went out with this girl last week. First I had to pay for dinner, then--
george: How much you pay this maid?
george: 40? I'm payin' 60 to my maid. She doesn't do laundry and I'm gettin' nothin'. All right. Once she pinched my ass, but I don't know what that was.
george: I can't eat with you leanin' over like this. Just look straight forward.
george: What?
george: Never mind.
george: What happened to Mrs. Krantz?
george: I'll try a piece.
george: Hey.
george: Oh, yeah.
"george: It's ""ooh"" As in ""ooh ooh ah ah."""
george: Really? Coco?
george: You know, if I could get this Coco woman down to Kruger, they wouldn't be able to call me Koko anymore because Kruger would never allow 2 Kokos.
george: Say good-bye to Koko.
george: This is our new Vice-president of Acquisitions, sir.
george: Yes?
george: Coco?
george: Well, it was a hell of a ride.
george: Ah, excuse me, Vice-president Coco, no one cares about your Gammy.
george: Forget Gammy.
george: There's no Gammy.
george: Oh, no.
george: Gammy's gettin' upset!
george: Man, I'm starving.
george: Because ballpark food doesn't count as real food.
george: Those nachos are killing me.
george: It's complicated.
george: So I saw that new movie about the Hindenburg.
george: Blimp The Hindenburg Story.
george: I found it morose. Why dwell on these negative themes?
"george: Anyway, right in the middle, the ship blows up-- burning debris, bodies falling-- and then just as this eerie silence settles over the airfield, I yelled out, ""That's gotta hurt!"""
george: The place went nuts.
george: Yeah.
george: What's with all these flags?
george: I could have had some ice cream. I think that might have calmed down the nachos.
george: Just inch over. You worm your way.
george: My hand is out.
george: This guy's giving me the stare-ahead.
george: Look at me! I am man! I am you!
george: All right, he's letting you in. Thank you! Creep.
george: All right! We're here!
george: Yeah. I'll see you later.
george: The movies. Blimp is playing right there.
george: It's a performance, Jerry. Like what you do.
george: Isn't it?
george: Ladies. I, uh, I haven't seen this before.
george: Excuse me, are you the guy with that funny laser?
george: Yeah. The thing is, I, uh...I had this little zinger of my own I wanted to try.
george: It's right in the explosion scene. So if you could just...leave me a little window. You know, my, uh, my aunt had a thing removed with a laser. All right, I don't want to interrupt your meal, so...
george: That's gotta hurt!
george: It's...gotta hurt! Hurt! Because...Aaarrrrrgh!
george: Damn you, laser guy! You had to grab it all with your lowbrow laser shtick! You're just a prop comic! Where's the craft?!
george: All right. At last, we're finally gettin' out of here.
george: It's probably chocolate.
george: All right, stop it! Stay away from my breasts! Chest!
george: Don't look around. Don't look around. That's what he wants.
george: This thing can't hurt me, can it? I mean, it is a laser. What if it hits my eye?
george: I can't be blind, Jerry The blind are courageous.
george: Oh, my god.
george: They're for protection, Jerry. Can you tell where I'm lookin'?
george: No.
george: Bring it on, baby
george: The side?
george: All right!
george: Wait a second. I think I see where that laser guy is. No! Don't look! Don't look. Oh, yeah, that's him. Ok. I'm gonna sneak up on him. Now the hunted becomes the hunter.
george: That wasn't a laser pen.
george: Oh, that's funny
george: Well, this is a lovely apartment. Lovely! My kids are gonna go crazy. I, uh, I wonder if I could see the bathrooms. Preferably one with some paint thinner and, uh, some rags?
george: Art.
george: Pennypacker. Varnsen.
george: Jerry, the Mets lost.
george: How do you suppose they did that?
"george: I can't eat this without catsup. Would it kill her to check up on us? Would that be a terrible thing? ""How's everything? Do you need anything? What can I do for you?"""
george: Do ya?
george: Same thing!
george: Excuse me. Are you using your catsup?
george: Nah - what for?
george: I've been to the movies.
george: They're all the same. You go, you sit, you eat popcorn, you watch. I'm sick of it.
george: Yeah.
george: When is it going to be my turn, Jerry? When do I get my 15 minutes? I want my 15 minutes!
george: Ah! Health's not good enough. I want more than health. Health's not doing it for me anymore. I'm sick of health.
george: Oh, very gracious.
george: Yeah.
george: What are you crazy?
george: Big hefty stinking faux pas.
george: On-the-street cell-phone call is the lowest phone call you can make.
george: It's dismissive.
george: Why don't you think before you do something?
george: Too much?
george: Boy - I'm really surprised at Elaine - that whole phone business - she should know better than that.
george: What?
george: You're so uptight.
george: Who's he?
"george: Our show, ""Jerry""?"
"george: ""Jerry"", oh my God. He wants to talk about ""Jerry""?"
george: When?
"george: Right now? ""Jerry""?"
"george: He wants to talk about ""Jerry""?"
"george: ""Jerry""!"
george: Can I go like this?
george: No sports jacket? I don't need a sports jacket? Writers wear sports jackets.
george: I won't feel like a writer.
george: Right!
george: Water. Need some water! Water here!
george: Don't worry, don't worry, no scenes.
george: I will not blow this.
george: It's fine, it doesn't have to be about nothing.
george: Something, nothing, I could care less.
george: Anything, everything, something, nothing - Who the hell cares? Put me down. I'm down!
george: Magic time.
george: nothing
george: Hey, hey, hey!
george: Hello Stu.
george: Jay Crespi, how am I gonna forget Jay Crespi?
george: Kimbrough.
george: K-I-M-B-R-O-U-G-H
george: It's a talent I have.
george: Woo! Some day out there - You ever see weather like that? Woo! It's crisp - it's crispy crisp.
george: What do we have in the fruit department?
george: Oh, that's a dangerous fruit. It's like a weapon that thing, got spikes on the end. You can get killed from one of those things.
george: Been there, done that.
george: Water coolers?
george: See, I think people would talk about it at the coffee machines.
george: It's really not accurate. Nobody drinks from a water cooler any more - they use bottles.
george: I tell you, I really don't think so-called relationship humor is what this show is all about.
george: Or we could get them together. Woo!
george: Yeah!
george: I'm moving to California.
george: Of course he liked it.
george: He wouldn't put it on if he didn't like it.
george: I'm writing.
george: Ma?!
george: I don't need any ideas. It's a show about nothing.
george: So? Where are we going?
george: If you're bleak, you're bleak.
george: It's a bit hilly - no?
george: What if I want to walk around a little?
george: What if I'm at the bottom?
george: Me too.
george: This is it?
george: I'm sorry - I have to say, I'm a little disappointed, I thought it would be a lot nicer.
george: You think this is the plane that Ted Danson gets?
george: Still, I bet when they gave him a plane, it was a lot nicer than this one.
george: This is a real piece of junk. I don't even feel safe on this thing. I have a good mind to write a letter toMr. Kimbrough.
george: Why?
george: It's effeminate to sit like this?
george: How is this effeminate?
george: Kramer, what are you doing?
george: Would you stop that? It's not safe to be jumping up and down on a plane.
george: Kramer, don't be fooling around up here.
george: Kramer!
george: Oh my God!
george: I told you to stop with the hopping.
george: Just when I was doing great. I told you God wouldn't let me be successful.
george: Jerry? Jerry can you hear me?
george: There's something I have to tell you.
george: I cheated in the contest.
george: The contest - I cheated.
george: Because I'm a cheater! I had to tell you.
george: Hey - What's going on?
george: We're straightening out!
george: I'm not getting on a regular plane now - I'm all psyched up to go on a private jet. No way I'm getting on a regular plane.
george: First class doesn't make it anymore. Now you get on the phone with Kimbrough, tell him what happened and tell him to get another plane down here, but this time, the good one - the Ted Danson plane.
george: Yeah, just tell him to hurry it up.
george: He's actually doing him a favor. It's less money for him to buy food.
george: I never heard of that.
george: Why would we want to help somebody?
george: That's what nuns and Red Cross workers are for.
george: All right, so what's the penalty here? Let's just pay the fine or something and get the hell out of here.
george: Oh no no no no - we have to be in California next week. We're starting a TV show.
george: Would it kill him to check up on us? No - drops off the meals and that's it. I realize we're prisoners, but we're still entitled to catsup.
george: Yeah, he's right.
george: It makes me look older.
george: Vandelay? The judge's name is Vandelay?
george: Jerry, did you hear that?
george: I think that's a good sign.
george: He's actually doing him a favor. It's less money for him to buy food.
george: Hey! Great plane! Thanks a lot. Piece of junk. You know you almost got us killed!
george: The Bubble Boy!
george: Who invaded Spain in the Eighth Century?
george: Oh no - I'm so sorry, it's the Moops. The correct answer is the Moops.
george: Sorry, the card says Moops.
george: It's Moops.
george: Moops!
george: Help! Someone!
george: It was Moops.
george: Fire! Get out of the way!
george: Yes, sir, that was a good sandwich, sir.
george: Medium turkey chili.
george: I didn't get any bread.
george: Um, excuse me, I think you forgot my bread.
george: Yes, please.
george: What?
george: You had to hop! You had to hop on the plane.
george: Really?
george: Haven't we had this conversation before?
george: I think we have.
