jerry: Do you know what this is all about? Do you know, why were here? To be out, this is out...and out is one of the single most enjoyable experiences of life. People...did you ever hear people talking about We should go out? This is what theyre talking about...this whole thing, were all out now, no one is home. Not one person here is home, were all out! There are people tryin to find us, they dont know where we are. (on an imaginary phone) Did you ring?, I cant find him. Where did he go? He didnt tell me where he was going. He must have gone out. You wanna go out you get ready, you pick out the clothes, right? You take the shower, you get all ready, get the cash, get your friends, the car, the spot, the reservation...Then youre standing around, whatta you do? You go We gotta be getting back. Once youre out, you wanna get back! You wanna go to sleep, you wanna get up, you wanna go out again tomorrow, right? Where ever you are in life, its my feeling, youve gotta go.
jerry: (pointing at Georges shirt) See, to me, that button is in the worst possible spot. The second button literally makes or breaks the shirt, look at it. Its too high! Its in no-mans-land. You look like you live with your mother.
jerry: You do of course try on, when you buy?
jerry: Oh, you dont recall?
jerry: Well, senator, Id just like to know, what you knew and when you knew it.
jerry: Can you relax, its a cup of coffee. Claire is a professional waitress.
jerry: Well, theres this uh, woman might be comin in.
jerry: I told you about Laura, the girl I met in Michigan?
jerry: I thought I told you about it, yes, she teaches political science? I met her the night I did the show in Lansing...
jerry: (looks in the creamer) Theres no milk in here, what...
jerry: Oh, shes really great. I mean, shes got like a real warmth about her and shes really bright and really pretty and uh... the conversation though, I mean, it was... talking with her is like talking with you, but, you know, obviously much better.
jerry: Oh, nothing happened, you know, but is was great.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, well...not exactly. I mean, she said, you know, she called this morning and said she had to come in for a seminar and maybe well get together.
jerry: Yeah, but...
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: What, are you serious...why, why did she call?
jerry: To be polite? You are insane!
jerry: Yes!
jerry: Oh, I get it, this is about the button.
jerry: Oh you are beautiful!
jerry: Good. Did you have fun? You have no idea, what youre talking about, now, come on, come with me. (stands up) I gotta go get my stuff out of the dryer anyway.
jerry: Oh, come on, be a come-with guy.
jerry: Well, look at this guy. Look, hes got everything, hes got detergents, sprays, fabric softeners.  This is not his first load.
jerry: And you didnt even hear how she sounded.
jerry: Laura.
jerry: Yeah, but how could you be so sure?
jerry: No.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Maybe youre right.
jerry: This is insane. You know, I dont even know where shes staying! She, shes not gonna call me, this is unbelievable.
jerry: No no no, dont interrupt the cycle. The machine is working, it, it knows what its doing. Just let it finish.
jerry: You, you cant overdry.
jerry: Same as you cant overwet. You see, once something is wet, its wet. Same thing with death. Like once you die youre dead, right? Lets say you drop dead and I shoot you. Youre not gonna die again, youre already dead. You cant overdie, you cant overdry.
jerry: How could she not tell me where she was staying?
jerry: Laundry day is the only exciting day in the life of clothes. It is...yknow, think about it. The washing machine is the nightclub of clothes. You know, its dark, theres bubbles happening, theyre all kinda dancing around in there- shirt grabs the underwear, Cmon babe, lets go. You come by, you open up the lid and theyll- (stiffens up, as the clothes) Socks are the most amazing article of clothing. They hate their lives, theyre in the shoes with stinky feet, the boring drawers. The dryer is their only chance to escape and they all know it. They knew a escape from the dryer. They plan it in the hamper the night before, Tomorrow, the dryer, Im goin. You wait here! The dryer door swings open and the sock is waiting up against the side wall. He hopes you dont see him and then he goes down the road. They get buttons sewn on their faces, join a puppet show. So theyre showing me on television the detergent for getting out bloodstains. Is this a violent image to anybody? Bloodstains? I mean, come on, you got a T-shirt with bloodstains all over it, maybe laundry isnt your biggest problem right now. You gotta get the harpoon out your chest first.
jerry: (answering, quickly) If you know what happened in the Met game, dont say anything, I taped it, hello. Yeah, no, Im sorry, you have the wrong number. Yeah, no
jerry: (to the door) Yeah?
jerry: (to Kessler) Yeah. (to the phone) Yeah, people do move. Have you ever seen the big trucks out on the street? Yeah, no problem.
jerry: (upset) Ohhhh, what are you doing? Kessler, its a tape! I taped the game, its one oclock in the morning! I avoided human contact all night to watch this.
jerry: Meat? I dont, I dont know, go... hunt! (Kessler opens the refrigerator and sticks his head in.) Well what happened in the game anyway?
jerry: (cynical) Yeah you almost went to the game. You havent been out of the building in ten years!
jerry: No.
jerry: Yeah, yeah...you can have it tomorrow.
jerry: No, its okay now, that, that girl is not comin. Uh, I misread the whole thing.
jerry: I dont think so.
jerry: That close, huh?
jerry: Hello...Oh, hi, Laura.
jerry: (to the phone) No believe me, Im always up at this hour. How are you?... Great... Sure... What time does the plane get in?... I got my friend George to take me...
jerry: No, its, its just my neighbour... Um... Yeah, I got it. (Jerry takes a pencil and a cereal box to write on.) Ten-fifteen... No, dont be silly, go ahead and ask... Yeah, sure... Okay, great, no no, its no trouble at all... Ill see you tomorrow... Great, bye. (He hangs up the phone; to Kessler) I dont believe it. That was her. She wants to stay here!
jerry: If my father was moving this hed had to have a cigarette in his mouth the whole way. (as his father) 'Have you got your end?...Your ends got to come down first, easy now, drop it down...drop it down, your ends got to come down.'
jerry: Look, its a very awkward situation. I dont wanna be presumptuous.
jerry: All right, she said she couldnt find a decent hotel room...
jerry: Yeah, a decent hotel-room, would it be terribly inconvenient if she stayed at my place.
jerry: (cynical) This is the signal? Thank you, Mr. Signal. Where were you yesterday?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: This is a person I like, its not How to score on spring break.
jerry: Yeah, okay. Oh, wait a second. Oh, I forgot to clean the bathroom.
jerry: Now, how could that be good?
jerry: This is how you operate?
jerry: Let me just wipe the sink.
jerry: The dating world is not a fun world...its a pressure world, its a world of tension, its a world of pain...and you know, if a woman comes over to my house, I gotta get that bathroom ready, cause she needs things. Women need equipment. I dont know what they need. I know I dont have it, I know that- You know what they need, women seem to need a lot of cotton-balls. This is the one Im- always has been one of the amazing things to me...I have no cotton-balls, were all human beings, what is the story? Ive never had one...I never bought one, I never needed one, Ive never been in a situation, when I thought to myself I could use a cotton-ball right now. I can certainly get out of this mess. Women need them and they dont need one or two, they need thousands of them, they need bags, theyre like peat moss bags, have you ever seen these giant bags? Theyre huge and two days later, theyre out, theyre gone, the, the bag is empty, where are the cotton-balls, ladies? What are you doin with them? The only time I ever see em is in the bottom of your little waste basket, theres two or three, that look like theyve been through some horrible experience... tortured, interrogated, I dont know what happened to them. I once went out with a girl whos left a little zip-lock-baggy of cotton-balls over at my house. I dont know what to do with them, I took them out, I put them on my kitchen floor like little tumbleweeds. I thought maybe the cockroaches would see it, figure this is a dead town. Lets move on. The dating world is a world of pressure. Lets face it a date is a job interview that lasts all night. The only difference between a date and a job interview is not many job interviews is there a chance youll end up naked at the end of it. You know? Well, Bill, the boss thinks youre the man for the position, why dont you strip down and meet some of the people youll be workin with?
jerry: Wouldnt it be great if you could ask a woman what shes thinking?
jerry: You know, instead, Im like a detective. I gotta pick up clues, the whole thing is a murder investigation.
jerry: Really? How?
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: Right.
jerry: Lip area.
jerry: Hug is definitely good.
jerry: Although what if its one of those hugs where the shoulders are touching, the hips are eight feet apart?
jerry: You know how they do that?
jerry: Shake is bad, but what if its the two-hander? The hand on the bottom, the hand on the top, the warm look in the eyes?
jerry: Right.
jerry: Hey, hey.
jerry: Its good to see you.
jerry: This is my friend George.
jerry: This is Laura.
jerry: (to Laura) I cant believe youre here.
jerry: (aside, to George) Now that was an interesting greeting, did you notice that, George?
jerry: So uh, what do you think?
jerry: Yeah, it kind a motivates me to work on the road. So uh, make yourself at home. (Laura sits down on the couch, takes off her shoes and opens some buttons of her shirt.) So uh, can I get you anything? Uuhhh, bread, water...salad-dressing?
jerry: Uh, yeah, I think I do.
jerry: Uh, no, yeah, go right ahead.
jerry: Uh, yeah, yeah, sure, why dont you stay? Yeah, uhm...What is your, what is your schedule for tomorrow? Are you, are you doin anything?
jerry: Really? What would you like to do?
jerry: (unenthusiastic) Yeah, we could do that...why not, why not. (pouring the wine) Im just, Im really glad youre here.
jerry: (answering) Yeah, hello...yes...yes, she is, hold on. (to Laura) Um, its for you.
jerry: (not excited) Youre engaged?
jerry: Youre engaged?
jerry: (matter-of-factly) Youre engaged.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Me too!
jerry: I swear, I have absolutely no idea what women are thinking. I dont get it, okay? I, I, I admit, I, Im not getting the signals. I am not getting it! Women, theyre so subtle, their little...everything they do is subtle. Men are not subtle, we are obvious. Women know what men want, men know what men want, what do we want? We want women, thats it! Its the only thing we know for sure, it really is. We want women. How do we get them? Oh, we dont know bout that, we dont know. The next step after that we have no idea. This is why you see men honking car-horns, yelling from construction sites. These are the best ideas weve had so far. The car-horn honk, is that a beauty? Have you seen men doing this? What is this? The man is in the car, the woman walks by the front of the car, he honks. E-eeehh, eehhh, eehhh! This man is out of ideas. How does it...? E-e-e-eeeehhhh! I dont think she likes me. The amazing thing is, that we still get women, dont we? Men, I mean, men are with women. You see men with women. How are men getting women, many people wonder. Let me tell you a little bit about our organization. Wherever women are, we have a man working on the situation right now. Now, he may not be our best man, okay, we have a lot of areas to cover, but someone from our staff is on the scene. Thats why, I think, men get frustrated, when we see women reading articles, like Where to meet men? Were here, we are everywhere. Were honking our horns to serve you better.
jerry: So, Im on line at the supermarket. Two women in front of me. One of them, her total was eight dollars, the other three dollars. They both of course choose to pay by the use of the...
jerry: Cheque. Now, the fact is, if its a woman in front of you thats writing the cheque, you will not be waiting long. I have noticed that women are very fast with cheques, yknow, cause they write out so many cheques. The keys, they can never find in their purse, they dont know where that is, but the cheque book they got that. They never fumble for the cheque book. The cheque book comes out of a holster (Jerry draws imaginary book from a holster.) Who do I make it out to? Theres my ID. Theres something about a cheque that, to a man, is not masculine. I dont know exactly what it is. I think to a man, a cheque is like a note from your mother that says, I dont have any money, but if youll contact these people, Im sure theyll stick up for me... If you just trust me this one time- I dont have any money but I have these. I wrote on these. Is this of any value at all?
jerry: Whats that one?
jerry: Maybe they came back for Chinese food. Yknow Maureen Stapleton, if she gets a craving, shes probably screamin at those aliens, I gotta have a lo mein!
jerry: Oh yeah? I dont believe youve seen... this.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: So, uh, whats your son doing now, Dr. Stevens? Oh, hes a public fornicator. Yes, hes a fine boy...
jerry: Pamela? Do I know her?
jerry: Oh yeah, right...
jerry: (quickly) No.
jerry: (a lightbulb goes on in his head) Riverside Drive.
jerry: Well, what is it?
jerry: Wait a second, wait a second. We could work out a little deal here.
jerry: I will go to that, if you go with me to a little family wedding I have on Saturday.
jerry: Yknow, my parents are coming in for this...
jerry: Yeah, tomorrow.
jerry: No, no. Still doin the big sweep across.
jerry: Doesnt think anyone can tell. So cmon, do we have a deal?
jerry: Theres a lot of people to mock...
jerry: Great!
jerry: Was I supposed to bring something?
jerry: I met her one time...
jerry: What did you say then?
jerry: Hi, happy birthday.
jerry: I didnt bring anything.
jerry: Oh, Okay (turns to rest of table) Im sorry, I didnt know what to bring, nobody told me.
jerry: Im in for five...
jerry: (thinking) Uh-oh... What do we have here?
jerry: Oh, I cant. Uh, I have a tendency to get chilly.
jerry: Plus Im wearing short sleeves, I dont want to expose my tattoos. (Vanessa smiles; thinking) Shes unbelievable!
jerry: (thinking) Whats going on here? Gotta be her boyfriend, shes too good to be alone. Whats the difference, I cant maneouver anyway with Elaine next to me.
jerry: Uh, friend of a friend. And you?
jerry: (turning to Elaine; thinking) Oh no, not now.
jerry: Oh really? (tries turning away in the hopes Elaine gets the hint; thinking) Oh God, I gotta get out of this.
jerry: No kidding. (thinking) Why is this happening? Please, make her stop!
jerry: (thinking) This is brutal.
jerry: How do you like that? (tries to turn away again; thinking)Can I turn now? Is this over? No, I cant, I cant. Im stuck.
jerry: Yes, I heard you.
jerry: (thinking) Thank you, Pamela! (turns to talk to Vanessa; to Vanessa) So, youre a lawyer...
jerry: (thinking) Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft. Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft... (to Vanessa) Of course, they handled my tattoo removal lawsuit.
jerry: Imagine, spelling Mom with two Os.
jerry: Comedian.
jerry: (thinking; quickly) Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft. Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft.
jerry: (thinking) I cant believe it. I got nothing! I dont even know her name! Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft. Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppen... Sagman... Sag...
jerry: That wasnt so bad, really.
jerry: Why? What did I do?
jerry: I was listening!
jerry: No, you were talking about the, the um, the dream you had.
jerry: Where you had, uh, wooden teeth.
jerry: All right, so I had wooden teeth, so what?
jerry: Apparently Plato, who came up with the concept of the platonic relationship, was pretty excited about it. He named it after himself. He said, Yeah, I got this new thing Platonic. My idea, my name, callin it after myself. What I do is, I go out with the girls, I talk with them- dont do anything, and go right home. Whatd you think? I think its going to be big! I bet you there were other guys in history that tried to get relationships named after them, but it didnt work. Yknow, I bet you there were guys who tried to do it, just went, Uh, Hi, uh my names Rico. Would you like to go to bed immediately? Hey, its a Riconic relationship.
jerry: Hey!
jerry: This is what I like, see? You come home and your parents are in your bed!
jerry: What are you talkin about? Its fine, I love having you here.
jerry: Ma, will you stop?
jerry: I dont care. Im sleeping next door.
jerry: No, hes making a bouillabaisse.
jerry: So, dad, lemme ask you a question. How many people work at these big law offices?
jerry: Yeah, but if you called up and described someone, do you think they would know who it was?
jerry: No, I met someone at this party, and I know where she works, but I dont know her name.
jerry: Nah, the only one I could ask is Elaine, and I cant ask her.
jerry: Because its complicated. Theres some tension there.
jerry: Oh yeah, shes great.
jerry: Well, its a tough thing to talk about uh. I dunno...
jerry: You dont know what it was.
jerry: Well, we fight a lot for some reason.
jerry: And there was a little problem with the physical chemistry.
jerry: Oh, she is, she absolutely is.
jerry: No, its not that. It wasnt all one-sided.
jerry: I know, I know...
jerry: Thats got nothin to do with it.
jerry: What are you two talking about? Look, Elaine just wasnt the one.
jerry: I dunno, maybe...
jerry: I cant. Shell get upset. I never talk about other women with her, especially this one tonight.
jerry: Were friends.
jerry: Oh yeah.
jerry: I guess.
jerry: You mean stakeout the lobby?
jerry: Yknow what? This is not that bad an idea.
jerry: I dunno. Hard to say.
jerry: Loni Anderson.
jerry: What, theres something wrong with Loni Anderson? (pause) Hey listen, thanks again for running over here. I appreciate it.
jerry: Im a little nervous.
jerry: If I see her, what do I say that Im doing here in the building?
jerry: What do you do?
jerry: Youre an architect?
jerry: I dont see architecture comin from you.
jerry: I never said that I was the architect. Just somethin else.
jerry: Well whaddaya want me to say, that I just wandered in here?
jerry: What is his name?
jerry: Bert Harbinson? It sounds made up.
jerry: Art Cor...
jerry: Corvelay?
jerry: Well, what does he do?
jerry: Just imports, no exports?
jerry: No, I guess shes still mad.
jerry: Never. (The elevator door opens.) Wait a second. Thats her. On the right.
jerry: Youre you. Were having lunch with Art Corvelay.
jerry: Corvelay!
jerry: Hey, hey. uh Pamelas birthday party, didnt I see you there? Jerry.
jerry: Uh, this is George. (reaches for her name) Im sorry...
jerry: Ah, Sagman, Bennet, Robbins, Oppenheim and Taft.
jerry: Oh, were meeting a friend of ours for lunch. He works here in the building.
jerry: Hes an importer/exporter.
jerry: Yknow Im sorry you had to leave so early the other night.
jerry: Oh, that guy was your cousin! (walking in front of George so he gets the picture to leave)
jerry: Friend!
jerry: So, um, do you date uh immature men?
jerry: (annoyed) Ma, will you go already?
jerry: What are you doing?!
jerry: You cant look in there, were playing!
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Look.
jerry: Maybe!
jerry: Ma, you cant look up words in the dictionary! (to Morty) Dad, shes cheating!
jerry: Well put something down, youre taking twenty minutes on this. So is Uncle Mac and Artie, theyre all coming over here before the wedding?
jerry: She said what?
jerry: She knows! Oh, I am such a jackass.
jerry: She knows the whole stupid thing. Vanessa and the elevator...
jerry: Because, Vanessa probably told Pamela, and Pamela probably told Elaine.
jerry: Yes. Yes I am! (to Helen) What else did she say on the phone?
jerry: Yeah, but what was the tone in her voice? How did she sound?
jerry: Yeah, but now Im nervous.
jerry: Quone?
jerry: Quone? No, Im afraid that Im going to have to challenge that.
jerry: I am challenging.
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: No good. Sorry. There it is. Get it off.
jerry: You must have quite a time down there.
jerry: Oh, Im sorry. Im just waiting for someone.
jerry: Yeah, yeah...
jerry: Yeah, Uncle Mac, you mentioned it.
jerry: Thats perfect.
jerry: Could you excuse me one second? Im sorry.
jerry: How do you do? (introducing himself) Uh, Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: Um, do you want to do this now, or do you want to wait until we get in the car?
jerry: All right, the whole elevator business, let me just explain-
jerry: No, Im gonna take my car.
jerry: Anyway, you know why I didnt ask you, I mean I felt so uncomfortable, and you were so annoyed in the cab.
jerry: Oh, Im sorry. Elaine, this is my cousin, Artie Levine.
jerry: (sarcastically) Yeah, Levine. And Im Jerry Cougar Mellencamp. Anyway, I admit it was a fairly ridiculous thing to do, but I mean, I mean, obviously we have a little problem here.
jerry: I mean, if were gonna be friends, we gotta be able to talk about other people.
jerry: Good.
jerry: Good.
jerry: Great? Where do you get great?
jerry: ...Guys?
jerry: Uh-huh. Yeah. So, anybody specific?
jerry: Oh really? Elaine Marie Benes...
jerry: No, thats great! Thats terrific!
jerry: Doesnt matter. Whats the young mans name? I would like to meet him.
jerry: Well, what does he do? Is he an artisan, a craftsman, a labourer of some sort?
jerry: Ah, high finance. Bulls, Bears, people from Conneticut.
jerry: (pause) All right, sir.
jerry: Now thats not fair! So where did you meet this guy?
jerry: Uh huh. When youre on a stakeout, do you find its better to stand up against the wall, or kinda crouch down behind a big plant?
jerry: Yknow I think that even if youve had a relationship with someone, or lets say, especially if youve had a relationship with someone and you try to become friends afterwards, its very difficult. Isnt this? Its hard. Because, you know each other so well, you know all of each others tricks. Its like two magicians, trying to entertain each other. The one goes, Look, a rabbit. The other goes, So? I believe this is your card. Look, why dont we just saw each other in half and call it a night, okay?
jerry: So I move into the centre lane, now I get ahead of this women, who felt for some reason I guess, that she thought that I cut her off. So, she pulls up along side of me, gives me the finger. It seems like such an arbitrary, ridiculous thing to just pick a finger and you show it to the person. Its a finger, what does it mean? Someone shows me one of their fingers and Im supposed to feel bad. Is that the way its supposed to work? I mean, you could just give someone the toe, really, couldnt you? I would feel worse if I got the toe, than if I got the finger. Cause its not easy to give someone the toe, youve gotta get the shoe off, the sock off and drive, get it up and... (Jerry pretends to drive with one foot in the air, giving the toe.) Look at that toe, buddy. (He puts his foot down.) I mean, thats really insulting to get the toe, isnt it?
jerry: Is that it? Got the cue tips, got the mini-umbrella, something boring to read on the plane. (Jerry zips his bag ceremoniously.) Thats it. Done!
jerry: (proudly) I am...the master packer.
jerry: What you must understand, Elaine, (picking up the umbrella) packing is no different than leading men into battle. (Jerry hits his bag rhythmically with his umbrella.) Youve gotta know the strengths and weaknesses of every soldier in that platoon. From a collapsible toothbrush to a pair of ordinary black socks.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: All right, sir. (He tosses Elaine his keys. The apartment buzzer goes off; Jerry presses the first button; to the intercom) George?
jerry: Uh, yeah, the, uh, hot water takes a little while to come on. So, the best thing to do is to turn it on, do all your shopping, you come back and take a shower.
jerry: Theres more. The refrigerator.
jerry: Deduct a minimum of two days off all expiration dates. (He uses the umbrella to point to certain compartments in the fridge.) No meat, no leftovers, no butter. (He closes the fridge.) And I cannot overstate this No soft cheeses of any kind. Is that clear?
jerry: One more thing, Benes, regarding sexual activity Strictly prohibited, but if you absolutely must, do us all a big favour. Do it in the tub.
jerry: Yeah, one sec.
jerry: Im not looking.
jerry: Yeah, whats it like?
jerry: How much?
jerry: Two bedrooms? Why do I need two bedrooms? I got enough trouble maintaining activity in one. (George gives Elaine a look while Jerrys back is turned. Jerry turns around.) I saw that.
jerry: Really? Why?
jerry: Ohhhh...
jerry: Like this? You just said you wanted to live here.
jerry: I cant think about it now. Come on, Im going to Minneapolis. I got four shows this weekend.
jerry: Elaine. (Jerry puts his bags down, sits down on the couch, picks up the remote control and points it at the spot the TV usually occupies. The TV is not there. He continues to point the remote at random things around the room, searching for the TV.) ELAINE!
jerry: Great, I had fun. Wheres the TV, wheres the VCR?
jerry: What?
jerry: Stolen? When?
jerry: Stolen?
jerry: (to Kramer) You left the door open?!
jerry: Wait, you left the lock open or the door open?
jerry: The door? You left the door open?
jerry: Yeah, and?
jerry: So the door was wide open?
jerry: (to Elaine) And where were you?
jerry: No.
jerry: Because I spent my money on the Clapgo D-29. Its the most impenetrable lock on the market today. It has only one design flaw. The door... (Jerry pushes the door shut.) ...MUST BE CLOSED!!
jerry: Yeah, dont investigate, dont pay me back, it was an accident.
jerry: In your way.
jerry: (disappointed) Answering machine. (jovially) Oh, I hate the idea of somebody out there returning my calls.
jerry: Its a joke.
jerry: You ever find anything?
jerry: Well, thanks anyway.
jerry: The crook has the machine. The messages arent for him. Hes the crook. Why would he answer- (Jerry gives up on the explanation and turns around to see George standing behind him.) How did you get in here?
jerry: Again?
jerry: (to Elaine) You would still wanna move in here?
jerry: (to George) Is that uh, other apartment still available?
jerry: I got ripped off for about the...18th time? And now, the first couple a times you go through it, its very upsetting and your first reaction or one of your friends will say, Call the police. You really should call the police. So you think to yourself, you know, you watch TV, you think, Yeah, Im calling the police. Stakeouts, manhunts... Im gonna see some real action. Right, you think that. So, the police come over to your house, they fill out The Report. They give you Your Copy. Now, unless they give the crook his copy, I dont really think were gonna crack this case, do you? Its not like Batman, where theres three crooks in the city and everybody pretty much knows, who they are. Very few crooks even go to the trouble to come up with a theme for their careers anymore. It makes them a lot tougher to spot. Did you lose a sony? It could be the Penguin. I think we can round him up, hes dressed like a PENGUIN! We can find him, hes a PENGUIN!
jerry: How do you get all that wood in here?
jerry: They deliver wood?
jerry: What do you tip a wood guy?
jerry: Would I have to get a gardener?
jerry: You tip him?
jerry: They deliver the coal?
jerry: Oh, then I gotta tip him.
jerry: I dont have any plants.
jerry: I like that. (He opens the closet. Elaine walks out with an angry look.) What do you think, George?
jerry: Im takin it, Im takin the place. Im gonna take it, this is gonna be my new place. Im livin here...Im movin.
jerry: You like the couch? Ill tell you what Im gonna do.
jerry: Youre movin in, youre a good friend, I wanna start you off on the right foot. Give me...a hundred and fifty dollars. (Elaine is shocked, Jerry opens the door to the hall.) Get it outta here right now, take it out the door, I dont even wanna see it, go, get it out.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Okay, you tell me. What is it worth?
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up. (Jerry presses the second button and opens the apartment door. He walks back to the couch.) Oh, all right, forget it, Im gonna take it with me now... (He picks up the cushions.) Im just gonna pack up the cushions right now...
jerry: (continuing unphased) You wanna get the other end, cause I wanna get it in the hall.
jerry: Fifty dollars?
jerry: Thank you very much.
jerry: (to George) So did you bring the lease? (George takes the lease from his inside pocket and hands it to Jerry.) All right, gee, three years, that kinda seems like a long time.
jerry: Why?
jerry: You could take it? You want it?
jerry: So you do want it.
jerry: You just said you wanted it!
jerry: So take it.
jerry: How can I take it?
jerry: How can I want it now, if you want it?
jerry: I...am not taking it.
jerry: Well, whaddaya wanna do here?
jerry: Do you wanna flip a coin?
jerry: Okay, fine. (Jerry takes a coin from his pocket.) This is the official flip. No crying, no guilt, winner takes all and thats it. Agreed?
jerry: All right, now you call it in the air.
jerry: No no.
jerry: Tails!
jerry: So what?
jerry: You didnt call no interference!
jerry: I dont believe this.
jerry: I dont wanna win it like this! Elaine, what do you think?
jerry: Well, Ill tell you what. Ill choose you for it. Straight choose, three takes it, no disputes...thats it, you gotta win three.
jerry: Odds.
jerry: Good.
jerry: You got evens.
jerry: For the apartment.
jerry: Mine!
jerry: Mine!
jerry: Thanks.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Hard to imagine.
jerry: Right.
jerry: Ooh, (to Elaine) case closed!
jerry: Okay, starting...NOW!
jerry: One of the problems in life is that when youre a kid, you have a certain way of working out disagreements. And those laws do not work in the adult world. One of the main ways that kids resolve any dispute is by calling it. One of them says, I got the front seat I wanted the front seat! I called it. And the other kid knows hes got nothing to say He called it. What can I do? If there was a Kid Court Of Law, it holds up. Your Honour, my client did ask for the front seat And the judge would go, Did he call it? Well no, he didnt call- BANG! (Jerry imitates a judge banging his gavel.) He has to call it, case closed. Objection overruled.
jerry: Its a good mirror. (They look at their menus.) So, what are you gettin?
jerry: All right, forget it, forget it. Im not taking the place!
jerry: How can I live there?
jerry: Look at you, youre still thinking about it. Ill never feel comfortable.
jerry: How can I ever have you over? Youll sit there moping.
jerry: Youre already moping! Would you take the place?
jerry: You found the place.
jerry: All right, forget it, its over, Im not moving.
jerry: Definitely?
jerry: Alright, then just get rid of it. You wont have any problem.
jerry: She wanted to thank us for the apartment.
jerry: If only the coin hadnt hit the table.
jerry: It is not!
jerry: Its wonderful.
jerry: How late are the stores open? Im thinking of maybe uh, buying a new TV and smash it over my head.
jerry: Most men like working on things. Tools, objects, fixing things. This is what men enjoy doing. Have you ever noticed a guys out in his driveway working on something with tools, how all the other men in the neighborhood are magnetically drawn to this activity. They just come wandering out of the house like zombies. Men, its true, men hear a drill, its like a dog whistle. Just... (his head perks up) you know, they go running up to that living room curtain, Honey, I think Jims working on something over there. So they run over to the guy. Now they dont actually help the guy. No, they just want to hang around the area where work is being done. Thats what men want to do. We want to watch the guy, we want to talk to him, we want to ask him dumb questions. You know, What are you using, a Phillips-head? You know, we feel involved. Thats why when they have construction sites, they have to have those wood panel fences around it, thats just to keep the men out. They cut those little holes for us so we can see what the hell is going on. But if they dont cut those holes, we are climbing those fences. Right over there. What are you using the steel girders down there? Yeah, thatll hold.
jerry: I dont think you did anything wrong.
jerry: We can only thank God for that.
jerry: Youre imagining this. Really.
jerry: What floss? When?
jerry: Ah, mint.
jerry: So let me get this straight. She saw the floss, you panicked and you told her you liked her.
jerry: And youre sure the floss was the catalyst?
jerry: You dont think it mightve had anything to do with that?
jerry: It looks like your belt is digesting a small animal.
jerry: (to Kramer) Who is it?
jerry: Who is it?
jerry: (to the phone) Hello? (disappointed) Oh, hi Joel. (Jerry hits Kramer with a magazine.) No. Uh, I was out of town. I just got back. Kramer doesnt know anything. Hes just my next-door neighbor. Uh, nothing much... Tuesday? Uh, Tuesday, no. Im meeting somebody... Uh, Wednesday? Wednesdays okay... All right. Uh, Im a little busy right now. Can we talk Wednesday morning?... Okay... Yeah... Right... Thanks... Bye. (Jerry hangs up; to Kramer) Why did you put me on the phone with him? I hate just being handed a phone.
jerry: Maybe I didnt want to talk to him.
jerry: He bothers me. I dont even answer the phone anymore because of him. Hes turned me into a screener. Now I gotta go see him on Wednesday.
jerry: Were going. Thats next Wednesday.
jerry: His name is Joel Horneck. He lived like three houses down from me when I grew up. He had a Ping Pong table. We were friends. Should I suffer the rest of my life because I like to play Ping Pong? I was ten. I wouldve been friends with Stalin if he had a Ping Pong table. Hes so self-involved.
jerry: Can you conduct your business elsewhere?
jerry: I dont bother with him. Hes been calling me for seven years. Ive never called him once! Hes got the attention span of a five-year-old. Sometimes I sit there and I make up things just to see if hes paying attention.
jerry: What can I do? Break up with him? Tell him, I dont think were right for each other. Hes a guy! At least with a woman, theres a precendent. You know, the relationship goes sour, you end it.
jerry: Just break up with him?
jerry: The Truth.
jerry: As a guy I dont know how I can break up with another guy. You know what I mean? I dont know how to say, Bill, I feel I need to see other men. Do you know what I mean? Theres nothing I can do. I have to wait for someone to die. I think thats the only way out of this relationship. It could be a long time. See, the great thing about guys is that we can become friends based on almost nothing. Just two guys will just become friends just because theyre two guys. Thats almost all we need to have in common. Cause sports  sports and women  is really all we talk about. If there was no sports and no women the only thing guys would ever say is, So, whats in the refrigerator?
jerry: You know, I read the Lenny Bruce biography, I thought it was really... interesting. He would-
jerry: (testing Joel) So, Im thinking about going to Iran this summer.
jerry: Anyway, the Hizballah has invited me to perform. (Joel shakes his head agreeing; Jerry smiles) You know, its their annual terrorist luncheon.
jerry: (cont'd) Im gonna do it in Farsi.
jerry: Yeah, Ill have the egg salad on whole wheat.
jerry: How can you talk to someone like that?
jerry: Listen, Joel. Theres something I have to tell you...
jerry: Listen, Joel, I dont think we should see each other anymore.
jerry: This friendship Its not working.
jerry: Were just not suited to be friends.
jerry: Look, youre a nice guy, its just that... we dont have anything in common.
jerry: Y-You didnt do anything. Its not you, its me. Its- this is very difficult.
jerry: No, its not that.
jerry: Oh, come on. Thats not true.
jerry: I know, I know.
jerry: Best friend- Ive never been to your apartment.
jerry: Okay, okay. Forget it. Its okay. I didnt mean it.
jerry: What I said. Ive been under a lot of stress.
jerry: Just, can we just forget the whole thing ever happend? Im sorry. I didnt mean it. I took it out on you. Were still friends. Were still friends. Still friends. Okay? Look, Ill tell you what. Ive got Knick tickets this Wednesday. Great seats behind the bench. You want to come with me? Come on.
jerry: No, next Wednesday. If it was tonight, I wouldve said tonight.
jerry: (lying) Yes.
jerry: Next Wednesday.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Ugh, the four worst words in the English language.
jerry: That is worse.
jerry: Really.
jerry: Hm. You ate.
jerry: Someone says, Get out of my life, and that doesnt affect your appetite?
jerry: It is unbelievable.
jerry: How much could you possibly have in there?
jerry: Yeah? Whered he go, to an arcade?
jerry: Cmon, move up.
jerry: Oh, God.
jerry: Listen, George, little problem with the game.
jerry: The thing is, yesterday, I kind of.. uh..
jerry: I gave your ticket to Horneck.
jerry: Yeah, Im sorry. I had to give it to Horneck.
jerry: Cmon, cmon, go ahead, move up.
jerry: You didnt see him. It was horrible.
jerry: I had to do it.
jerry: Do you want to go with him? You go. I dont mind.
jerry: No, I do not like the bank. Ive heard the expression Laughing all the way to the bank. I have never seen anyone actually doing it. And those bank lines. I hate it when theres nobody on the line at all, you know that part, you go to the bank, its empty and you still have to go through the little maze. (walking on the stage like he is going through a maze) Can you get a little piece of cheese for me? Im almost at the front. Id like a reward for this please.
jerry: George.
jerry: Could you stop the counting?
jerry: Can I make it up to you? Ill give you fifty bucks for the jug.
jerry: Well, then Im not going to the game either. Okay? Ill give him both tickets.
jerry: I- no, I dont want to go.
jerry: I had to give him a tissue. In fact, let me call his machine now and Ill just make up some excuse why I cant go to the game either.
jerry: George, the man wept.
jerry: I-I have to say something. With all due respect, I just never- I cant imagine anyone in any walk of life, under any circumstance, wanting to make their own pizza pie... but thats me. Alright
jerry: Im just saying..Alright.
jerry: Okay.
jerry: (to the phone) Hi, Joel. This is Jerry. I hope you get this before you- Oh, Hi. Joel... Oh, you just came in... Listen, I cant make it to the game tonight... I, uh, have to tutor my nephew... Yeah, hes got an exam tomorrow... Geometry... You know, trapezoids, rhombus... Anyway, listen, you take the tickets. Theyre at the Will-Call window... And Im really sorry... Have a good time... Well talk next week... Okay... Yeah, I dont... Fine.. Fine... Bye.
jerry: I know. Im really running out of excuses with this guy. I need some kind of excuse rolodex.
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Where do you want to go?
jerry: We could go to one of those uh cappuccino places. They let you just sit there.
jerry: We could talk.
jerry: Then well just sit there.
jerry: Okay, just hand that over, please.
jerry: Its a list of excuses, its for that guy, Horneck, whos at the game tonight with my tickets. I have that list now so in case he calls, I just consult it and I dont have to see him. (Elaine laughs.) I need it. (Elaine starts writing on the list.) What are you doing?
jerry: I dont need any more.
jerry: (not amused) Very funny.
jerry: Im Dan. Can I have my list back, please?
jerry: What can I do?
jerry: Oh no. Thats impossible. Id rather lie to him for the rest of my life that go through that again. He was crying. Tears. Accompanied by mucus.
jerry: Couple of tough monkeys.
jerry: Game?
jerry: Wait. How does Horneck know you?
jerry: This is too much.
jerry: Oh, no.
jerry: Perfect.
jerry: Oh, we finished early.
jerry: Elaine Benes, this is Joel Horneck.
jerry: Were still friends.
jerry: Right. I forgot about choir.
jerry: Right. You know, the Wall being down and everything.
jerry: You really should.
jerry: You know, I really... Ive come to the conclusion that there are certain friends in your life that theyre just always your friends, and you have to accept it. You see them, you dont really wanna see them. You dont call them, they call you. You dont call back, they call again. The only way to get through talking with people that you dont really have anything in common with is to pretend youre hosting your own little talk show. This is what I do. You pretend theres a little desk around you. The only problem with this is theres no way you can say, Hey, its been great having you on the show. Were out of time.
jerry: Went out to dinner the other night. Check came at the end of the meal, as it always does. Never liked the check at the end of the meal system, because moneys a very different thing before and after you eat. Before you eat, money has no value. And you dont care about money when youre hungry. You sit down at a restaurant, youre like the ruler of an empire. More drinks, appetizers, quickly, quickly! It will be the greatest meal of our lives. Then after the meal, you know, youve got the pants open, youve got the napkins destroyed, cigarette butt in the mashed potatoes. Then the check comes at that moment. People are always upset, you know. Theyre mystified by the check. What is this? How could this be? They start passing it around the table, Does this look right to you? Were not hungry now. Why are we buying all this food?
jerry: I think Superman probably has a very good sense of humor.
jerry: But its common sense. Hes got super strength, super speed. Im sure hes got super humor.
jerry: Why? Why would that one area of his mind not be affected by the yellow sun of Earth?
jerry: No problem.
jerry: Were you crying? I mean, its just a grape. Youll find it.
jerry: Robert.
jerry: Ive been thinking about asking this girl Im, uh, seeing-
jerry: Vanessa, thank you. Ive been thinking about asking her to go away for a couple of days.
jerry: You better find that grape before it mutates into another life form. There was once a mutant grape that terrorized an entire town in the Texas panhandle. They brought in the army, nobody could stop it. Apparently it had a pit of steel.
jerry: What stock?
jerry: Maybe.
jerry: How highs it suppose to go?
jerry: Boy... I dont know.
jerry: What kind of company is it?
jerry: Well, how much are you going to invest?
jerry: Boy...
jerry: What if I lose it?
jerry: All right. Twenty-five hundred.
jerry: My bet? All right. Ill open with a tuna sandwich.
jerry: Oh, the dolphin thing?
jerry: Ohhh... You know, the whole concept of lunch is based on tuna.
jerry: Hey, when Im driving, I let people in ahead of me all the time. Im always waving everybody in. Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. ...All right. All right. Ill have a chicken salad.
jerry: I have to say, those people talking behind us really ruined that movie for me.
jerry: What do you want me to do? I gave the guy the half-turn. (acts like he did in the movie) Then I gave him the full-turn with the eye roll. (does the next look) I mean, beyond that, Im risking a punch in the mouth. (To a stock boy) Excuse me, do you have these in the puffs?
jerry: You know, my friend told me about this great place in Vermont.
jerry: Its great! It speeds up the intimacy level. Its like putting the relationship in a time compressor. Where we would be six months from now we accomplish (snaps his fingers) three days.
jerry: Exactly. I love Phase Two. Extra toothbrushes, increased phone call frequency, walking around naked. You know, the presents get a lot better in Phase Two.
jerry: Yeah. We can fish. What? Blues, carp, marlin?
jerry: Oh, big fighting marlin. (Jerry acts like he is catching a marlin)
jerry: Is that my paper?
jerry: What? What news?
jerry: Oh, cmon! Its down again?!
jerry: Oh, I cant believe it. Let me see that. (Jerry takes the paper.) Thats four and a half points in three days! Thats almost half my money!
jerry: (sarcastic) Yeah, you told me.
jerry: Theres one thing I dont understand. Why does it please you? (to the phone) George Costanza, please.
jerry: (to the phone) George, whats going on?!
jerry: (to the phone) Well, where is the guy?!... Nothing?! Almost half my moneys gone... Well, call me right back. (Jerry hangs up.) Nobody can reach Wilkinson. He hasnt been home or in his office in the past three days!
jerry: Roll-out tie dispenser? What was that one?
jerry: Okay...
jerry: (going along with it) Oh No!
jerry: Youre gone all right.
jerry: Yeah, Im going to Vermont with uh Vanessa for a few days.
jerry: What friends?
jerry: George- What?! Youre kidding... Well, whats wrong?... So, what are we gonna do?... Great!... All right, Ill speak to you later. (He hangs up.) Wilkinson, the guy whos supposed to tell us when to sell the stock, hes in the hospital.
jerry: So you dont know whats wrong with him?
jerry: Okay, fine. Has Simons been in touch with him?
jerry: Well, this is it. Im selling.
jerry: I never shouldve gotten involved in this. Im a nervous wreck. Im not cut out for investing.
jerry: Where?
jerry: The hospital?
jerry: Are you nuts? You dont even know the guy.
jerry: What if hes in an iron lung or something? What are you gonna do? (Jerry knocks on imaginary glass.) How you feeling, Mr. Wilkinson? (He makes a hissing sound.) By the way, whats happening with Sendrax?
jerry: Who goes to the hospital to rest?
jerry: Okay, fine, fine. When are you going down there?
jerry: All right.
jerry: Yeah. I picked up this shirt here yesterday. Its completely shrunk. Theres absolutely no way I can wear it.
jerry: Whats the difference? Look at it! Do you see the size of this shirt?!
jerry: I cant find the receipt.
jerry: Look, forget about the receipt, all right? Even if I had the receipt- look at it! Its a hand puppet. What am I gonna do with this?!
jerry: What do you think this is a little scam I have? I take this tiny shirt all over the city conning dry cleaners out of money? In fact, forget the money. I dont even want the money. I just once, I would like to hear a dry cleaner admit that something was their fault. Thats what I want. I want an admission of guilt.
jerry: No! Dry-cleaned.
jerry: You shrunk it! You know you shrunk it! Just tell me that you shrunk it!
jerry: I think the only reason we go to the dry cleaner is so I can say to the dry cleaner, Well, its ruined. And of course, the dry cleaner can respond, Its not our fault. Were not responsible. We just ruin the clothes. That ends our legal obligation. You see, the whole problem with dry cleaning is that we all believe that this is actually possible. Th-Right? Theyre cleaning our clothes, but theyre not getting anything wet. Its all dry. I know theres gotta be some liquids back there, some fluids that theyre using. Theres no such thing as dry cleaning. When you get something on your shirt, ever get something on your shirt and try to get it off like that (Jerry brushes off his shirt.) Thats dry cleaning. I dont think thats what theyre doing back there. They dont have eighty guys going, Come on, hurry up! Theres a lot of shirts today!
jerry: Bless you.
jerry: Well, it couldnt be too expensive. Thirteen, fourteen bucks a cat?
jerry: Im no cat killer.
jerry: Id really like to go, Elaine. But, George is coming back from the hospital. I gotta wait for him. But otherwise I would definitely go.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, hes nuts. You wanta bump off a couple of cats. (Enter Kramer, holding a paper up to Jerry.) I know, I know. Its down again.
jerry: I dont know.. fifteen hundred dollars.
jerry: You dont have to say Wow. I know its Wow. (Kramer smiling) And theres that smile again. Well, what is that? (Intercom buzzes.) Its George.
jerry: I really dont need to look.
jerry: Yeah, and youre just what shes looking for too  a stranger leering through a pair of binoculars ten floors up.
jerry: What? What? Did you go down there? (George nods.) Did he tell you whats gonna happen? (George shakes his head.) How long were you there?
jerry: You told him you knew Simons?
jerry: Well, thats it. Look, Im going to Vermont. I dont want to think about this. Im selling.
jerry: So I know this guy. Im getting all my sneakers at a discount now.
jerry: Oh yeah, right.
jerry: (thinking) Oh God. Get me out of here. What a mistake. What made me think this would work? And Ive still got another day! Ive got nothing left to say. Wait... wait... Got one. (to Vanessa) Thats a nice watch. Do you wind it?
jerry: Well, thats good.
jerry: (thinking) Well, the drive home should be a delight. Im speeding the whole way. Let them throw me in jail. I dont care. (to Vanessa) That's the manager? Do you want me to see if we can get another room?
jerry: So, I guess you dont find the separate faucets for the hot and cold, charming?
jerry: Well, what do you want to do this afternoon?
jerry: We cold play Sorry! We cold play Steal the Old Mans Bundle. (Vanessa not amused; Jerry thinking) Maybe I can get an extension cord and hang myself. (to Vanessa) What kind of perfume is that youre wearing?
jerry: No, what? What kind is it?
jerry: (thinking) Yeah, thats normal. (to a man nearby) Excuse me, sir. Could I have a look at that business section?
jerry: I did. Im just curious. Its been almost a week. I want to check it out. (He finds the stock.) Six points? (to Vanessa) Its up six points!
jerry: You did not tell me not to sell.
jerry: Look, Vanessa, of course the market fluctuates. Everybody knows that. I just got fluctuated out of four thousand dollars!
jerry: What?
jerry: No, what? Thats probably why..
jerry: (thinking) So, what am I looking at here? Twenty-nine hours to go. Well, at least I got plenty of time to find out the name of that perfume...
jerry: (acidly) Shes full. So, Big Daddy. Im just curious. How much did you clear on your little transaction there, all told?
jerry: How much?
jerry: So, Wilkinsons out of the hospital now?
jerry: Is that still from the cats?
jerry: So, what ever happened with that?
jerry: I gotta say, thats pretty sad. Losing out to a cat.
jerry: We went over that.
jerry: A robot butcher?
jerry: Im not an investor. People always tell me, you should have your money working for you. Ive decided Ill do the work. Im gonna let the money relax. You know what I mean? Cause you send your money out there  working for you  a lot of times, it gets fired. You go back there, What happened? I had my money. It was here, it was working for me. Yeah, I remember your money. Showing up late. Taking time off. We had to let him go.
jerry: Im always in traffic with the lane expert. You know this type of person? Constantly reevaluating their lane choice. Never quite sure, Is this the best lane for me? For my life? Theyre always a little bit ahead of you, Can I get in over there? Could I get in over here? Could I get in there? Yeah, come on over here, pal. Were zoomin over here. This is the secret lane, nobody knows about it. The ultimate, I think the ultimate psychological test of traffic is the total dead stop. Not even rolling. And you look out the window, you can see gum clearly. So we know that in the future traffic will get even worse than that. I mean, what will happen? Will it start moving backwords, I wonder? I mean, is that possible? That someday well be going, (Jerry pretends hes driving in reverse.) Boy, this is some really bad traffic now, boy. This, is really bad. Im gonna try to get off and get back on going the other way.
jerry: No, of course not.
jerry: Everyday.
jerry: You tried.
jerry: Did you tell her you loved her?
jerry: Youre a human being.
jerry: Youre too nice a guy.
jerry: Youre flesh and blood.
jerry: I told you when I met her.
jerry: You gotta go to my chiropractor, hes the best.
jerry: Im gonna make an appointment for you. Well go together.
jerry: You should just do it like a Band-Aid. One motion! Right off!
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: No, shower. So, where are we eating?
jerry: A relationship is an organism. You created this thing and then you starved it so it turned against you. Same thing happened in The Blob.
jerry: Hello... Hello. Is Glen there?... Im sorry. Is this 805-555-3234?... Yes, I know I have the wrong number, but I just want to know if I dialed wrong or if...
jerry: (to the phone) Oh, its you again. See, now if you had answered me, I wouldnt have had to do this. Now thats two long distance calls I made to you why cant you... (The guy hangs up on Jerry again; to nobody) Why? Why do they just hang up like that? Thank you very much.
jerry: No, I just had a sandwich.
jerry: I dont want cantaloupe now.
jerry: I only eat cantaloupe at certain times...
jerry: ...all right!
jerry: Its very good.
jerry: Good.
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: Its too far.
jerry: Im not pulling a shopping cart. What, am I suppose to wear a kerchief? Put stockings on and roll em down below my knee?
jerry: I dont return fruit. Fruit is a gamble. I know that going in.
jerry: You did it? What happened?
jerry: Uh-huh...
jerry: See, its never as bad as you imagine.
jerry: (to Kramer) Could you stop that smacking?
jerry: Its very good cantaloupe. (Kramer leaves; to George) So thats it? Youre out?
jerry: So, go get them.
jerry: So forget about the books. Did you read them?
jerry: What do you need them for?
jerry: What is this obsession people have with books? They put them in their houses like theyre trophies. What do you need it for after you read it?
jerry: So you want me to get the books? Is that it?
jerry: So whatd you do?
jerry: Well, I have a general idea what it was. I could take a guess.
jerry: No.
jerry: I dont know how this happened.
jerry: No, no. Its not your fault. Books, books, I need my books. Have you re-read those books yet, by the way? You know the great thing? When you read Moby Dick the second time, Ahab and the whale become good friends. You know, its not like Marlenes a bad person or anything, but, my God! I mean, weve had like three lunches and a movie, and she never stops calling. (George nods.) And its these meaningless, purposeless, blather calls. She never asks if Im busy or anything. I just pick up the phone, and shes in the middle of a sentence!
jerry: (disgusted) Ohh! You know, and sometimes shell go, (imitates Marlene) Hello, Jerry? And Ill go, Oh, hi Marlene. And then its Jerry...
jerry: (more disgusted) Ohhhh! You cant! Its impossible! Theres no break in the conversation where you can go, All right then... You know, it just goes on and on and on without a break in the wall. I mean, I gotta put a stop to this.
jerry: Yeah. Yes, she is.
jerry: The waiting room. I hate when they make you wait in the room. Cause it says Waiting Room. Theres no chance of not waiting. Cause they call it the waiting room, theyre gonna use it. Theyve got it. Its all set up for you to wait. And you sit there, you know, and youve got your little magazine. You pretend youre reading it, but youre really looking at the other people. You know, youre thinking about about them. Things like, I wonder what hes got. As soon as she goes, Im getting her magazine. And then, they finally call you and its a very exciting moment. They finally call you, and you stand up and you kinda look around at the other people in the room. Well, I guess Ive been chosen. Ill see you all later. You know, so you think youre going to see the doctor, but youre not, are you? No. Youre going into the next waiting room  the littler waiting room. But if they are, you know, doing some sort of medical thing to you, you want to be in the smallest room that they have, I think. You dont wnat to be in the largest room that they have. You know what I mean? You ever see these operating theaters, that they have, with like, stadium seating? You dont want them doing anything to you that makes other doctors go, I have to see this! Are you kidding? Are they really gonna do that to him? Are there seats? Can we get in? Do they scalp tickets to these things? I got two for the Winslow tumor, I got two...
jerry: So, how was it?
jerry: Well, its a first visit.
jerry: You cant do that.
jerry: Hes a doctor. You gotta pay what he says.
jerry: No, Im fine.
jerry: Yeah, I know.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: (belated) Good night.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: That is out there.
jerry: No, supermarket.
jerry: Its uh okay.
jerry: Im not taking it back.
jerry: I dont care about it.
jerry: All right. Take it back.
jerry: Marlene.
jerry: Yeah, I took her home one night  we kinda started up a little bit in the car.
jerry: I was. But, shes got me, like, hypnotized.
jerry: No, hed go nuts.
jerry: I feel terrible. (Kramer smiling) I mean, Ive seen her a couple of times since then, and I know I cant go any further, but... Shes just got this like, psychosexual hold over me. I just want her, I cant breathe. Its like a drug.
jerry: I dont know how Im going to tell him.
jerry: Its partially you, yeah.
jerry: Well, he cant kill me, right?
jerry: I mean, she called me. I havent called her. She started it.
jerry: Im a nice guy.
jerry: (excited) Oh, my little airplane lamp.
jerry: Well, the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices, because you dont have to be home on time.
jerry: Yeah... Because they would be very demanding people.
jerry: Well, you know what they say. Lucky in love, Unlucky with fruit.
jerry: Really? That guy who stopped saying hello?
jerry: You talked to him?
jerry: Right.
"jerry: You said ""you little phony""?"
jerry: This is amazing.
jerry: You are the Queen of Confrontation. Youre my new hero. In fact, youve inspired me. Im gonna call George about something right now.
jerry: Youre kidding.
jerry: You mean that?
jerry: You dont care?
jerry: How could you not care?
jerry: I thought youd be upset.
jerry: Am I a bad person? Did I do something terrible?
jerry: That voice. That voice. Shes driving me crazy.
jerry: So I can see her tonight, and you dont care?
jerry: All right. As long as youre okay. Because I cant stop thinking about her.
jerry: Good. And Ill tell you what... You dont have to pay me back the thirty-five I gave to the chiropractor for the rest of your bill.
jerry: I had to.
jerry: It was embarrassing to me.
jerry: Why dont you make a point with your own doctor? (George gulps.) Whats wrong?
jerry: So, you wanna come up for a few minutes?
jerry: Really? I thought...
jerry: Gee, I just didnt expect it from the way youve been acting.
jerry: Of course I want to talk about it.
jerry: Tuesday night? What happened Tuesday night?
jerry: My act? Wha-What does that have to do with anything?
jerry: I cant believe this. So what are you saying? You didnt like my act, so thats it?
jerry: Youre a cashier!
jerry: You cant go by the audience that night. It was late. They were terrible.
jerry: I have other stuff. Y-You should come see me on the weekend.
jerry: Women need to like the job of the guy theyre with. If they dont like the job, they dont like the guy. Men know this. Which is why we make up the phony, bogus names for the jobs that we have. Well, right now, Im the regional management supervisor. Im in development, research, consulting... Men on the other hand  if they are physically attracted to a woman  are not that concerned with her job. Are we? Men dont really care. Menll just go, Really? Slaughterhouse? Is that where you work? That sounds interesting. So whaddaya got a big cleaver there? Youre just lopping their heads off? That sounds great! Listen, why dont you shower up, and well get some burgers and catch a movie.
jerry: My parents live in Florida now. They moved there last year. They didnt want to move to Florida, but theyre in their sixties, and thats the law. You know how it works. They got the leisure police. They pull up in front of the old peoples house with a golf cart, jump out, Lets go Pop, white belt, white pants, white shoes, get in the back. Drop the snow shovel right there. Drop it! I am not much for the family gathering. You know, you sit there, and the conversations so boring. Its so dull. And you start to fantasize. You know, you think, What if I just got up and jumped out that window? What would it be like? Just crashed right through the glass. You know. Come back in, theres broken glass, everybodys all upset. No, Im all right. I was just a little bored there. And uh no, Im fine. I came back. I wanted to hear a little more about that Hummel collection, Aunt Rose. Lets pick it up right there.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: (to Morty) Would you make this thing lower! I can hear it on the street!
jerry: We won. I made an incredible play in the field! There was a tag-up at third base and I threw the guy out from left field on a fly! Well be in the championship game Wednesday because of me. It was the single greatest moment in my life.
jerry: Well, no. Sharon Besser, of course.
jerry: Well, the mans an individualist  he worked for Harry Flemming. He knows what hes doing.
jerry: First of all, I made plans with Elaine.
jerry: I dont even know them. What is she, your second cousin? I mean, Ive met them three times in my life.
jerry: If I wind up sitting next to Uncle Leo, I am leaving. Hes always grabbing my arm when he talks to me. I guess its because so many people have left in the middle of his conversation.
jerry: Yeah. He talks about him like he split the atom. The kid works for the Parks Department.
jerry: We won. Were in the finals on Wednesday.
jerry: (to Kramer and Morty) What is this about?
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: Levels?
jerry: You drew up plans for this?
jerry: When do you intend to do this?
jerry: Youre doing this yourself?
jerry: Oh, no. Its not that I dont think you can. I know that you cant, and Im positive that you wont.
jerry: I, dont see it happening.
jerry: Seriously?
jerry: Ill give you a year.
jerry: Its a bet.
jerry: (to Elaine) Seriously, do you wanna switch chairs?
jerry: Yeah, Uncle Leo.
jerry: Right. For the reducing of the pond scum?
jerry: Oh, yeah. Where the people eat the plant life. The edible foliage tour.
jerry: Mickey Mantle?
jerry: (eating a forkful) These peas are bursting with country fresh flavor.
jerry: Well, actually, we do have to kind of get going.
jerry: Yeah, I cant eat dessert either. The sugar makes my ankles swell up, and I cant dance.
jerry: Horses? Theyre like big riding dogs.
jerry: I know, I hated those kids. In fact, I hate anyone that ever had a pony when they were growing up.
jerry: Well, I didnt uh really mean a pony, per se...
jerry: Nothing. Nothing at all. I was just merely expressing...
jerry: Well, Im sure you did. Who wouldnt love a pony? Who wouldnt love a person that had a pony?
jerry: No, see, we didnt have ponies. Im sure at that time in Poland, they were very common. They were probably like compact cars..
jerry: I didnt know she had a pony. How was I to know she had a pony? Who figures an immigrants going to have a pony? Do you know what the odds are on that? I mean, in all the pictures I saw of immigrants on boats coming into New York harbor, I never saw one of them sittin on a pony. Why would anybody come here if they had a pony? Who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non-pony country? It doesnt make sense. Am I wrong?
jerry: Ill drive you to the airport.
jerry: I just hope that whole pony incident didnt put a damper on the trip.
jerry: Well, if you ever talk to her, tell her Im sorry. Elaine too. She feels terrible.
jerry: Maybe I will.
jerry: (laughing) Really? What a shock.
jerry: Take care.
jerry: Bye, Dad. Take it easy.
jerry: So, when do I get my dinner?
jerry: Yes, I know youre not gonna do it. Thats why I bet.
jerry: Thats the bet! That youre not doing it!
jerry: We didnt bet on if you wanted to. We bet on if it would be done.
jerry: Well, of course it could be done! Anything could be done! But it only is done if its done! Show me the levels! The bet is the levels!
jerry: Thats the bet! (The phone rings; Jerry answers it.) Hello?... No- oh, hi... (Kramer leaves) no, they just left... Oh, my God... hang on a second. Maybe I can still catch em. (Jerry goes over to the window and opens it; calling out the window) Ma! Ma! Up here! Dont get in the cab! Manya died! Manya died!!
jerry: Uncle Leo.
jerry: I dont know. He said hed call back.
jerry: What?
jerry: You dont think... What? The pony remark?
jerry: You dont think that I killed her?
jerry: It was just an innocent comment! I didnt know she had a pony!
jerry: The whole thing was taking out of context. It was a joke. (The phone rings.) Thats probably Uncle Leo.
jerry: Wednesday? What, what Wednesday?
jerry: Ah
jerry: Ive got the softball game on Wednesday. Its the championship.
jerry: I didnt even know the woman.
jerry: I mean I met her three times. I dont even know her last name.
jerry: I mean, who has a funeral on a Wednesday? Thats what I want to know. I mean, its the championship, Im hitting everything.
jerry: I dont know what to do.
jerry: We dont understand death. And the proof of this is that we give dead people a pillow. And, uh, I mean, hey, you know. I think if you cant stretch out and get some solid rest at that point, I dont see how bedding accessories really make the difference. I mean, they got the guy in a suit with a pillow. Now, is he going to a meeting, or is he catching forty winks? I mean, lets make up our mind where we think theyre going.
jerry: Two Forty-Five.
jerry: Two o clock.
jerry: Depends on how nice the person was. But you gotta figure, even Oswald took forty-five minutes.
jerry: You know, if the situation were reversed and Manya had some mah-jongg championship or something, I wouldnt expect her to go to my funeral. I would understand.
jerry: I know, and then you say to yourself, From this moment on, Im not gonna waste any more of it. But then you go, How? What can I do thats not wasting it?
jerry: Me? What about you? You brought up the pony.
jerry: Bender.
jerry: Fifty years they were married. Now hes moving to Pheonix.
jerry: I dont know. Theyve been in there since, like, World War II. The rents three hundred a month.
jerry: Well, the games starting just about now.
jerry: I just wanted to say how sorry I was...
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Once again, I just want to say how sorry I am about the other night.
jerry: You know Jeffery?
jerry: Its raining? Its raining. The game will be postponed. Well play tomorrow.
jerry: Its never happened to me before.
jerry: Ill have to live with this shame for the rest of my life.
jerry: I thought there were two outs.
jerry: Oh, well, of course. Nineteen-seventy-three.
jerry: Wonder about what?
jerry: You think Manya showed up during the game and put a hex on me?
jerry: But I went to the funeral.
jerry: Dont you think she woulda heard I was there?
jerry: Who figures and immigrants gonna have a pony?
jerry: What is the pony? What is the point of the pony? Why do we have these animals, these ponies? What do we do with them? Besides the pony ride. Why ponies? What are we doing with them? I mean, police dont use them for, you know, crowd control. (Jerry crouches down, and makes like hes riding a pony.) Hey, uh, you wanna get back behind the barricades. Hey! Hey, little boy. Yeah, Im talking to you. Behind the barricades! So somebody, I assume, genetically engineered these ponies. Do you think they could make them any size? I mean, could they make them like the size of a quarter, if they wanted? That would be fun for Monopoly, though, wouldnt it? Just have a little pony and you put him on the... Baltic, thats two down, go ahead. Hold it. Right there. Baltic. Yeah, thats it. Fine. Right there, hold it right there.
jerry: I hate clothes, okay? I hate buying them. I hate picking them out of my closet. I cant stand every day trying to come up with little outfits for myself. I think eventually fashion wont even exist. It wont. I think eventually well all be wearing the same thing. Cause anytime I see a movie or a TV show where theres people from the future or another planet, theyre all wearing the same thing. Somehow they decided, This is going to be our outfit. One-piece silver jumpsuit, V-stripe, and boots. Thats it. We should come up for an outfit for Earth. An Earth outfit. We should vote on it. Candidates propose different outfits. No speeches. They walk out, twirl, walk off. We just sit in the audience and go, That was nice. I could wear that.
jerry: Why dont they open up an entire store for the back? Call it, Just Back. All back; No front. You walk in the front, youre immediately in the back. (Jerry picks up a tie display, and shakes it rhythmically from left to right.) Look, Elaine, tie carwash.
jerry: (pointing to Elaine) Her father wrote that.
jerry: I guess Im coming. I mean...
jerry: No, Ill go. Im going.
jerry: Im worried I wont be able to talk to him. Hes such a great writer. Frankly, I prefer the company of nitwits.
jerry: What is this?
jerry: This is beautiful. These jackets never fit me right.
jerry: This may be the most perfect jacket I have ever put on.
jerry: How much is it?
jerry: Bad? (Elaine nods.) Very bad?
jerry: I have some idea.
jerry: Ive got a ballpark.
jerry: Let me see that. (Jerry looks at the tag.) That is high.
jerry: Whats with the pink lining and the candy stripes?
jerry: Should I get it? I hate these moments. Im hearing the dual voices now, you know, What about the money? Whats money?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What do you think?
jerry: Is it me?
jerry: Really?
jerry: I dont know. Its got a pink lining.
jerry: Whats the difference?
jerry: Id rather not say it out loud. Its embarrassing.
jerry: Yes, but lets just stop it right there.
jerry: Would you?
jerry: I know, I know.
jerry: I dont know.
jerry: Maybe.
jerry: Do you want it?
jerry: Okay, take it.
jerry: What is that song?
jerry: You know, Schumann went mad from that.
jerry: No, you idiot.
jerry: You dont know Robert Schumann? The composer?
jerry: He went crazy from one note. He couldnt get it out of his head. I think it was an A. He kept repeating it over and over again. He had to be institutionalized.
jerry: I know exactly whats gonna happen tonight. Im gonna try and act like Im not impressed, hes gonna see right through it.
jerry: Let me just get my jacket.
jerry: Wednesday. This jacket has completely changed my life. When I leave the house in this, its with a whole different confidence. Like tonight, I mightve been a little nervous. But, inside this jacket, I am composed, grounded, secure that I can meet any social challenge.
jerry: Absolutely.
jerry: I know.
jerry: Well, what kind of solid?
jerry: Birds?
jerry: So take a cab.
jerry: I cant. Im on my way out. Theres no way I can do it.
jerry: (scoffs) Two minutes. Believe me, I know his two minutes. By his conception of time, his life will last over two thousand years.
jerry: Schumann. (George stops himself, frightened. Jerry looks around the lobby.) Where are they?
jerry: What, you dont want to do this?
jerry: Yeah, I think it is. (They walk toward the man. Jerry hesitates.) Wheres Elaine?
jerry: (to the man) Excuse me. Mister Benes?
jerry: Im Jerry, Elaines friend, and this is George.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: (to waiter) Ill have a cranberry juice with two limes.
jerry: Well, we thought she was meeting you earlier. Shes usually pretty punctual. Dont you find that, George?
jerry: Yeah, yeah. Sometimes shes on time, and... sometimes shes late.
jerry: It appears that way.
jerry: Yup.
jerry: Im just a regular person.
jerry: Would you excuse me a minute? Im gonna go to the bathroom. Ill be right back.
jerry: That was brutal. I cant go back out there.
jerry: Elainell kill me.
jerry: Shes gotta be here soon.
jerry: The waiter was trembling!
jerry: How are we gonna get out of it?
jerry: Yeah, thats good. Hed clunk our heads together like Moe.
jerry: All fathers are intimidating. Theyre intimidating because they are fathers. Once a man has children, for the rest of his life, his attitude is, To hell with the world, I can make my own people. Ill eat whatever I want, Ill wear whatever I want, and Ill create whoever I want.
jerry: Well, Guatamala...
jerry: What about Elaine?
jerry: Shell be furious.
jerry: Thats her! Shes here!
jerry: (to Elaine) Where have you been?!
jerry: Oh, you didnt...
jerry: Great.
jerry: Oh, no, no.
jerry: I cant believe it. You know better than to get involved with Kramer.
jerry: Ah, the lift. Like the lure of the sirens song. Never what it seems to be, yet who among us can resist?
jerry: (to George) Snow. Snow, that cant be good for suede, can it?
jerry: What should I do? (to Alton) Uh, were taking a cab, arent we?
jerry: Inside out! Great.
jerry: Oh, I turned my jacket inside out.
jerry: Well, its a new suede jacket. It might get ruined.
jerry: (to the intercom) Elaine?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: So?
jerry: I cant believe I do.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I was out in the snow last night.
jerry: I have an idea. (Elaine enters; to Elaine) We can make the nine-thirty at Cinema Three.
jerry: Is he still in town?
jerry: I dont know.
jerry: Really?
jerry: Well, I cant wear it.
jerry: Yeah, go ahead, take it.
jerry: Oh, because of all the singing?
jerry: Ill try and remember that.
jerry: Yeah, too bad.
jerry: I had a leather jacket that got ruined. Now, why does moisture ruin leather? I dont get this. Arent cows outside most of the time? I dont understand it. When its raining do cows go up to the farmhouse, Let us in, were all wearin leather. Open the door! Were gonna ruin the whole outfit here! Is it suede? I am suede, the whole thing is suede, I cant have this cleaned. Its all I got!
jerry: The bad thing about television is that everybody you see on television is doing something better than what youre doing. You ever see anybody on TV like just sliding off the front of the sofa with potato chip crumbs on their face? Some people have a little too much fun on television. The soda commercial people. Where do they summon this enthusiasm? Have you seen them? We have soda, we have soda, we have soda, jumping, laughing, flying through the air. Its a can of soda! Have you ever been standing there and youre watching TV and youre drinking the exact same product that theyre advertising right there on TV, and its like, you know, theyre spiking volleyballs, jet-skiing, girls in bikinis and Im standing there, Maybe Im putting too much ice in mine.
jerry: So you didnt ask?
jerry: Counter.
jerry: He said wuss?
jerry: So you called.
jerry: Yeah. Like a farm boy.
jerry: Wow. The enthusiastic hi. Thats beautiful.
jerry: All right, so youre chewing your apple, you got your enthusiastic hi... Go ahead.
jerry: And?
jerry: Great day in the morning.
jerry: Sure, its like robbing a bank. You dont loiter around in front of the teller holding that big bag of money. You come in, you hit and get out.
jerry: (in an attempted Scottish accent) Come on, try it. Let me hear you try a Scottish accent.
jerry: Irish, Scottish, whats the difference, lassie?
jerry: Youre welcome.
jerry: Oh, thats okay.
jerry: Okay... but theres no cake or anything, if thats what youre looking for.
jerry: I think if ones going to kill oneself, the least you could do is leave a note. Its common courtesy. I dont know. Thats just the way I was brought up.
jerry: Oh, so important. So what are you doing uh Thursday night? You wanna have dinner?
jerry: Tan pants. Why do I buy tan pants, Donna? I dont feel comfortable in them.
jerry: Oh, I cant begin to tell you how much I hate that commercial.
jerry: You like that commercial?
jerry: Now wait a second, you mean the one where the guys are all standing around, supposedly being very casual and witty?
jerry: What could you possibly like about that?
jerry: Yeah, theyre so funny and so comfortable with each other, and I could be comfortable too, if I had pants like that. I could sit on a porch and wrestle around, and maybe even be part of a real bull session.
jerry: Even if the dialogue did ring true. (Donna starts to get annoyed that Jerry won't let the conversation go) Even if somehow somewhere men actually talk like that, what does that have to do with the pants? Doesnt that bother you?
jerry: But theyre talking about nothing.
jerry: I know the point.
jerry: I mean, all those quick shots of the pants. Just pants, pants, pants, pants, pants, pants, pants. What is that supposed to be?
jerry: Whats brutal about the date is the scrutiny that you put each other through. Because whenever you think about this person in terms of the future, you have to magnify everything about them. You know, like the guyll be like, I dont think her eyebrows are even. Could I look at uneven eyebrows for the rest of my life? And of course the womans looking at the guy, thinking, What is he looking at? Do I want somebody looking at me like this for the rest of my life?
jerry: Im supposed to see her again on Thursday, but can I go out with someone who actually likes this commercial?
jerry: No kidding. Did you tell him that was the reason?
jerry: Youre still thinking about this?
jerry: She thinks youre a guy that doesnt like coffee.
jerry: I like to use my own material.
jerry: Why do we have to leave?
jerry: Youre kicking me out of my house?
jerry: Dont do the apples. Its enough already with the apples.
jerry: Im just gonna get my jacket, Ill meet you downstairs. Whats the matter, did you call?
jerry: What did you say?
jerry: After one date you try and improvise on her machine?
jerry: Shell call you back. Youre overreacting.
jerry: Not once.
jerry: I have never seen one episode of I Love Lucy in my life, ever.
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: Yes, Im lactose intolerant.
jerry: I have no patience for lactose. And I wont stand for it. Um, Ill be right back.
jerry: What? (to George) What did, what did you say?
jerry: Well, so what if I said that?
jerry: No, I had to tell my friends  my friends didnt have to tell you.
jerry: I said I couldnt believe you liked that commercial. So what?
jerry: Boy, I bet you got a regular Algonquin round table there.
jerry: Oh uh, Kramer, this is Donna.
jerry: Donna, really, youre making too much of this.
jerry: Please, Donna...
jerry: Dont worry about it, it wasnt working anyway.
jerry: Ill tell you later.
jerry: You said that?
jerry: I cant blame you. I cant believe she never called you back.
jerry: What?
jerry: So she didnt get the messages.
jerry: But what about the messages?
jerry: Elaines thing? How you gonna get in?
jerry: But you know as soon as she gets in the apartment shes going right for that machine.
jerry: Theres nothing to it. You lift the lid, it comes right out.
jerry: What?
jerry: How you gonna get me up there?
jerry: And who makes the switch?
jerry: I do.
jerry: I cant get involved in this.
jerry: What if she sees me?
jerry: A wuss?
jerry: Did you call me a wuss?
jerry: I got one problem. Youre keeping her busy in the other room. Now, what if she somehow gets away from you and is coming in? You have to signal me that shes coming.
jerry: Tippy Toe? I dont think so.
jerry: No tippy toe.
jerry: What song?
jerry: What is that?
jerry: Anything else?
jerry: Lemon Tree.
jerry: No, Trini Lopez.
jerry: Standard. Micro.
jerry: Feel good.
jerry: Not at all.
jerry: All the time.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: You know, I really need to use the bathroom.
jerry: Uh, you know, why dont you go first, you just had a long trip.
jerry: Um, you know, its the damnedest thing. It went away.
jerry: Right. I am.
jerry: (calls) Hey you two. Im ready to go.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: I love my phone machine. I wish I was a phone machine. I wish if I saw somebody on the street I didnt want to talk to, I could go, Excuse me, Im not in right now. If you would just leave a message, I could walk away. I also have a cordless phone, but I dont like that as much, because you cant slam down a cordless phone. You get mad at somebody on a real phone  You cant talk to me like that! Bang! You know. You get mad at somebody on a cordless phone  You cant talk to me like that!
jerry: Well, I painted my apartment again. Ive been living in this apartment for years and years, and every time I paint it, it kinda gets me down. I look around, and I think, well, its a little bit smaller now. You know, I realize its just the thickness of the paint, but Im aware of it. It just coming in and coming in. Every-time I paint it, its closer and closer. I dont even know where the wall outlets are anymore. I just look for like a lump with two slots in it. Kinda looks like a pig is trying to push his way through from the other side. Thats where I plug in. My idea of the perfect living room would be the bridge on the Starship Enterprise. You know what I mean? Big chair, nice screen, remote control... Thats why Star Trek really was the ultimate male fantasy. Just hurtling through space in your living room, watching TV. Thats why all the aliens were always dropping in, because Kirk was the only one that had the big screen. They came over Friday nights, Klingon boxing, gotta be there.
jerry: What did you do?
jerry: Well, looks are so subjective.
jerry: Maybe.
jerry: (to Elaine) Harold and Manny.
jerry: Boys, boys.
jerry: I slid the rent under your door, Harold. Did you get it?
jerry: She died? Mrs. Hudwalker died?
jerry: Are you kidding? You know my friend Elaine?
jerry: Its not promised to anybody? Cause shed take it in a second.
jerry: So, its okay? I could just tell her she can have it?
jerry: (coyly) Oh, nothing important.
jerry: What look? Nothing.
jerry: I dont know if you should sit for this or not. Sitting is good if you faint, but standing is good for jumping up and down. I cant decide.
jerry: Oh, Elaine. You know the way I am  rarely ever thinking of myself. My only concern is the welfare and happiness of those close to me. Sure, it hurts sometimes to give, and give, and give...
jerry: What would you say if I told you that...
jerry: ...I got you an apartment in this building.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: I did.
jerry: I got you an apartment in the building.
jerry: Remember Mrs. Hudwalker? The ninety-four-year-old woman who lived above me?
jerry: She died.
jerry: She died.
jerry: And the rent is only four hundred dollars a month!
jerry: Four hundred a month.
jerry: Right upstairs.
jerry: Right above me.
jerry: All the time.
jerry: All the time.
jerry: The problem with talking is that nobody stops you from saying the wrong thing. I think life would be a lot better if it was like youre always making a movie. You mess up, somebody just walks on the set, and stops the whole shot. You know what I mean? Think of the things you wish you could take back. Youre out somewhere with people, Gee, you look pregnant.. are you? Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, thats not gonna work at all. Walk out the door, and come back in. Lets take this whole scene again. People, think about what youre saying!
jerry: You cant believe what I just did.
jerry: I could tell you what I did, but you wouldnt believe it. Its not believable.
jerry: How could I have done that?
jerry: I told Elaine about an apartment opening up in my building. Shes going to move in.
jerry: Yes. Right above me.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I know. Neighbors.
jerry: Right above me.
jerry: Cause Im an idiot! You may think youre an idiot, but with all due respect, Im a much bigger idiot than you are.
jerry: Did you ever ask an ex-girlfriend to move into your building?
jerry: Shes right in my building! Right above me! Every time I come in the building, Im gonna have to sneak around like a cat burglar.
jerry: But I need the home bed advantage.
jerry: Come in for two minutes and sit with me.
jerry: Oh, whos gonna know?
jerry: Two minutes.
jerry: My censoring system broke down. You know that little guy in your head who watches everything you say? Makes sure you dont make a mistake? He went for a cup of coffee. And in that second ruined my life.
jerry: So, is there any way out of this Elaine thing?
jerry: You know, the water pressures terrible in my building. And she loves a good shower.
jerry: If they were fanatic about showers, they might.
jerry: Look at that woman feeding her baby greasy, disgusting, coffee shop corned beef hash. Isnt that child abuse?
jerry: Yeah, the guy with the flat head.
jerry: Yeah, Ive heard that about wedding bands.
jerry: That would be an interesting sociological experiment. You know, Kramer has his fathers band. Hed loan it to you.
jerry: Boys, boys.
jerry: What?
jerry: Hey, hey. I understand. Youre businessmen.
jerry: Well, thats a lot of money. But, if thats the way its gotta be, thats the way its gotta be.
jerry: You know, I used to think that the universe is a random, chaotic sequence of meaningless events, but I see now that there is reason and purpose to all things.
jerry: Religion, my friend, thats what happened to me. Because, I have just been informed that its going to cost Elaine the sum of five thousand dollars to get the apartment upstairs.
jerry: Of course she doesnt have five thousand dollars!
jerry: Cant get it.
jerry: No move. So, you see, its all part of a divine plan.
jerry: (to the intercom) Elaine?
jerry: (to George) All right, this is going to require some great acting now. I have to pretend Im disappointed. Youre going to really see me being a phony, now. I hope you can take this. Maybe you should go in the other room.
jerry: Cause you know, I love Elaine.
jerry: But you know... not in the building. Really, I feel terrible about this. My intentions were good. What can I do? Tell me.
jerry: Well... theres a little bit of a problem.
jerry: Uh, no uh, someone offered Harold and Manny five thousand for the apartment. Im sure theyd just as soon give it to you, but youd have to come up with that money.
jerry: I know.
jerry: I have no idea.
jerry: Yeah, well, I didnt- Is that something you want to borrow?
jerry: She doesnt wanna borrow the money.
jerry: Who said theres a problem?
jerry: (to Kramer) It was all over! Taken care of. Done! Finished. Five thousand. Wheres she gonna get five thousand? She doesnt have five thousand. Clean. Good bye. Shes gone. Then you come in, Why dont you loan her five thousand? What do you care? Youve got five thousand. Give her five thousand!
jerry: No, I didnt!
jerry: People dont turn down money. Its what separates us from the animals.
jerry: Let me explain something to you. You see, youre not normal. Youre a great guy, I love you, but youre a pod. I, on the other hand, am a human being. I sometimes feel awkward, uncomfortable, even inhibited in certain situations with the other human beings. You wouldnt understand.
jerry: Hi
jerry: Yes, its my lifes work.
jerry: Well, better load up on some carbos before the race.
jerry: Oh, yes. Particularly if youre not in it.
jerry: Whats to see? A woman from Norway, a guy from Kenya, and twenty thousand losers.
jerry: Hi how are ya?
jerry: (no amused) Fantastic.
jerry: I know.
jerry: Its tremendous.
jerry: Im in heaven.
jerry: Oh, I wouldnt quite say that.
jerry: Im a guy  it always looks like that.
jerry: Nah...
jerry: You have no idea what an idiot is. Elaine just gave me a chance to get out and I didnt take it. (pointing to himself) This is an idiot.
jerry: George, I didnt sleep at all last night. I decided I have to tell her. Im just going to be honest. Thats all... Yes, Im nervous... Are you listening to me?... Just put some soap on your finger. Itll slide right off... Then try axle grease... (Kramer enters; to the phone) Ill call you back after I talk to her... Bye.
jerry: What? Whats cool?
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: You what?! Get out! (pushes Kramer) Ten thousand?
jerry: Who would pay that much?
jerry: Elaine would never borrow that much money! (Jerry hugs Kramer, then grabs him by the cheeks.) Kramer, my God, man! This is beautiful! I think Im in the clear here. Elaines not moving in. I dont have to confront her. She has no idea I never wanted her to move in. Im golden!
jerry: Its just unbelievable.
jerry: All the time. Ive been up there six times. They refuse to stop. I cant live like this. I dont know what Im gonna do. Im heading for breakdown! (to Harold) Cant you do something?
jerry: Manny...
jerry: I dont know. What do you do when a neighbor is making, like, a lot of noise at three oclock in the morning? I mean, can you knock on someones door and tell them to keep it down? Youre really altering your whole self-image. I mean, what am I, Fred Mertz now? Whats happening to me? Can I do this? Am I a shusher? I used to be a shushee. Theres a lot of shushing going on in movie theaters. People are always shushing. Shh... shh... shhh... shhh... Doesnt work, cause nobody knows where a shush is coming from. They just hear a shh. Was that a shush? I think somebody just shushed me. Some people you cant shush in a movie theater. Theres always that certain group of people, isnt it? Theyre talking and talking, and everyone around them is shushing them, and shushing them. They wont shush. Theyre the unshushables.
jerry: I have to tell you that I did some very exciting news recently, and I dont know if I should really tell you exactly what it is because its really not a definite thing yet. (crowd cheers him on to tell them) Well, I will tell you what I know so far. According to the information that I have in the envelope that Ive received, it seems that I may have already won some very valuable prizes. (audience applauds) Well, thank you, thank you very much, well thank you. That's very nice to hear that. But, in all honesty, I have to say, I didnt even know I was in this thing. But, according to the readout, it looks like I am among the top people that they are considering. You know, thats what annoys me about the sweepstakes companies, they always tease you with that, You may have already won. Id like once for a sweepstakes company to have some guts, come out with the truth, just tell people the truth one time. Send out envelopes, You have definitely lost! You turn it over, giant printing, Not even close! You open it up, theres this whole letter of explanation, Even we cannot believe how badly you have done in this contest.
jerry: (to Kramer) To the right.
jerry: Dont get up.
jerry: Since my grandfather died. I was suppose to send it down to my parents in Florida, but they didnt want it. They told me to get rid of it, but I felt funny and then I sort of forgot about it. And its been sitting down there for three years until he saw it. (to Kramer) All right, so, just take what you want and lets get it out of here.
jerry: Grandpa clothes, I cant wear em.
jerry: No, go ahead. Look at this place. I cant wait to get it cleaned.
jerry: No, Elaines got this writer friend from Finland, Rava. Her boyfriend goes to Columbia grad school, and hes suppose to do it.
jerry: How long have you been waiting to squeeze that into a conversation?
jerry: What?
jerry: Spread out, spread out you numbskulls. Why dont you just settle it like mature adults?
jerry: Inka-dink, a bottle of ink, the cork fell out, and you stink.
jerry: Not because youre dirty, not because youre clean  just because you kissed the girl behind the magazine...
jerry: And you are it!
jerry: No, hes It. He wins. It is good.
jerry: No, no, no, come on, Kramer. Now, you got the socks.
jerry: All right, cmon. Lets go.
jerry: Come on, lets go.
jerry: Arent you gonna take it?
jerry: All right, lets go. Hey, you know, you owe me one.
jerry: The Inka-dink.. You were It.
jerry: Its very bad.
jerry: (to Rava) So, wheres this boyfriend of yours? I cant wait much longer. Ive got a flight.
jerry: So what do you write, childrens books?
jerry: All right...
jerry: I gotta get to the airport.
jerry: The uh toilet brush is under the sink.
jerry: I dont really feel that comfortable with a maid, either, because theres that guilt when you have someone cleaning your house. You know, youre sitting there on your sofa, and they go by with the vacuum, Im really sorry about this. I dont know why I left that stuff over there. And thats why I could never be a maid, because Id have an attitude. Id find them, wherever they are in the house, Oh, I suppose you couldnt do this? No, dont get up, let me clean up your filth. No, you couldnt dust. No, this is too tough, isnt it?
jerry: He really did an amazing job. Look! He uncoagulated the top of the dishwashing liquid! (Jerry opens refrigerator.) He cleaned out the bottom of the little egg cups! Come here, look at this. (He gets on his knees and points.) He cleaned the little one-inch area between the refrigerator and the counter. How did he get in there?! He must be like Rubber Man!
jerry: Why did I think there was a Rubber Man? Theres Elastic Man... Plastic Man...
jerry: Where are you going?
jerry: Oh wait. Ill go with you.
jerry: Elaine, he Windexed the little peep hole!
jerry: Hey, Ray, listen, you really did a tremendous job cleaning that apartment.
jerry: Shouldnt you be out on a ledge somewhere?
jerry: What?
jerry: I think thats the statue from my house. That looks like the statue from my house!
jerry: I had a statue!
jerry: My grandfather gave me a statue!
jerry: Whats the difference?! Thats the one! He ripped me off! This guy ripped me off!
jerry: I cant believe it! This guy ripped me off!
jerry: Yes! This guy ripped me off! He stole that statue right out of my house!
jerry: Pretty sure! Ninety-nine percent sure.
jerry: Coincidence? This guys in my apartment and then, just by coincidence, he has the same exact statue in his apartment?
jerry: I had a statue! What should I do?
jerry: Ill call Kramer. He can check my house.
jerry: Dont worry. (whispering into the phone) Kramer! Kramer!... Its Jerry!... Jerry!... From next door!... Never mind where I am!... Yes, Jerry Seinfeld!...
jerry: Ma, I told you, just dip the bread in the batter, and put in right in the pan... Okay, bye. (Jerry hangs up; to Rava) My mother. She forgot how to make French toast. You know how mothers are.
jerry: My moms down in Florida. Shes got uh one of those condos. Hot down there in the summer. You ever been down there?
jerry: Listen, uh I just remembered... Im... uh, getting a facial.
jerry: No, I dont eat dinner. Dinners for suckers.
jerry: Uh huh... Yeah... Okay, thanks anyway... Bye.
jerry: Nope, the cop says its my word against his. Theres nothing they can do.
jerry: Yeah, right.
jerry: Do you realize how crazy he had to be to do something like this? He knew I was gonna know its missing, and he took it! And of all things to take! I left my watch, tape recorder, stereo. Hes crazy.
jerry: Ill call him. (Jerry picks up the cordless phone. He points to the rotary phone on the coffee table. Kramer, George, and Elaine struggle for it.) Hello, Ray?... Hi, Ray, this is Ravas friend, Elaines friend, Jerry... The King of Comedy, right. Listen, you know that statue on your mantle, the one with the blue lady? (He covers the reciever and yells at Kramer and George.) Would you shut up?! (to the phone) Yeah, you dont want to talk about it over the phone?.. You dont want Rava to hear?... Yeah, I understand... You know that coffee shop near my house, Monks?... All right, tomorrow... One o clock... Great, okay, bye.
jerry: Relax, hes late. Hes always late. Its part of his M.O.
jerry: Yeah, yeah. Dont worry about it.
jerry: Thats comforting. Shh. Hes coming. (to Ray) Ray?
jerry: Well, I didnt...
jerry: Well, just give it back, and I wont say anything.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: Yeah, me too.
jerry: Me.
jerry: Yeah. Me.
jerry: Ray, I had a statue in my house. You were in my house  and then I saw it in your house.
jerry: What am I saying?
jerry: Well, I...
jerry: I cant believe what Im hearing.
jerry: A pawn shop?
jerry: Oh, excuse me... Look, Ray, you were the only person in my house.
jerry: No, shes a little too cheery for me.
jerry: I know Finland. Theyre neutral.
jerry: No, I actually find you quite charming. A bit verbose at times...
jerry: (to George) Did you call me a wuss?
jerry: I said luss. Im at a luss.
jerry: Thats not necessary. (George slams his menu down on the table repeatedly.) You know, maybe its not that bad an idea.
jerry: George...
jerry: George, george...
jerry: Hey, Ray.
jerry: How did you get the goop out of the top of the dishwashing liquid? It was like a brand-new nozzle!
jerry: Really?
jerry: Cant you talk to your boss?
jerry: Well, perhaps we can take comfort in the knowledge that in the next world, Ray will be the recipient of a much larger and more harsh brand of justice..
jerry: All right, all right. Whats the big hubbub, bub?
jerry: Kramer, what did you do?
jerry: People are going to steal from you. You cant stop them. But, everybody has their own little personal security things. Things that they think will foil the crooks, you know? In your own mind, right? You go to the beach, go in the water, put your wallet in the sneaker, whos gonna know? What criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security? I tied a bow. They cant get through that. I put the wallet down by the toe of the sneaker. They never look there. They check the heel, they move on.
"jerry: Whenever I see the news and they're hauling in some kind of terrorist, psycho, maniac, mass murderer guy. You notice he's always covering up his face with the newspaper, with the jacket, with the hat. What is he worried about? I mean what is this man's reputation? That he has to worry about this kind of exposure damaging his good name? I mean, what is he up for a big job promotion down at the office or something? Afraid the boss is gonna catch this on TV and go ""isn't that Johnson from sales? He's up in that clock tower picking people off one by one. I don't know if that's that kind of man we want heading up that new branch office. He should be in bill collection. I think he's got aptitude."""
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Well, what'd you say?
jerry: What's his problem?
jerry: He called the right guy.
jerry: All right, I'm leaving. I going to the laundry.
jerry: Fluff and Fold. The only way to live. (snapping fingers in tune with words) I drop it off. I pick it up. It's a delight.
jerry: Wait a sec. I don't wanna do --
jerry: I don't wanna mix in everything! My guys don't know your guys. You can't just lock 'em all in the same machine together. They'll start a riot.
jerry: No. I can't say as I have.
jerry: All right. Put 'em on top.
jerry: Oh, beautiful.
jerry: This stuff on top is my friends. Could I get it done in a separate machine?
jerry: Whatever it costs. In fact, I would prefer it if the machines are not even touching each other. Because something could, you know, jump across.
jerry: How did you know I was here?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Get outta here.
jerry: What happened? Levitan?
jerry: You and your toilets.
jerry: So, what are you gonna do now? Are you gonna look for something else in real estate?
jerry: So what are you gonna do?
jerry: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. In what capacity?
jerry: Yeah. Well, that - that could be tough to get.
jerry: Yeah. Yeah. You make good comments.
jerry: Well, they tend to give those jobs to ex-ballplayers and people that are, you know, in broadcasting.
jerry: I know. Well, okay. Okay. What else do ya like?
jerry: Yeah. Yeah.
jerry: Projectionists.
jerry: But you gotta know how to work the projector.
jerry: And it's probably a union thing.
jerry: Talk show host. That's good.
jerry: Really?
jerry: Well, that's where it gets tricky.
jerry: I wouldn't think so.
jerry: All right. Okay. Sports, movies, talk show host. What else?
jerry: Well, it doesn't sound like you completely thought this through.
jerry: Maybe you can just go back.
jerry: Yeah. Pretend like it never happened.
jerry: Sure. You're an emotional person. People don't take you seriously.
jerry: Never happened.
jerry: So what? You're entitled.
jerry: That's right. You're emotional.
jerry: Never happened.
"jerry: To me the most annoying thing about the couple of times that I did work in an office. Is that when you go in, in the morning you say Hi to everyone and for some reason throughout the day you have to continue to greet these people all day every time you see them. I mean you walk in ""morning Bill, morning Bob, how you doing? fine"" Ten minutes later you see him in the hall, ""How ya doin'?"" Every time you pass you gotta come up with another little greeting. You know you start racking your brains you know you do the little eyebrow ""Hey"" You start coming up with nicknames for them. ""Jimbo."""
jerry: Well, so that's that.
jerry: That's not that?
jerry: Well, if that's not that, what is that?
jerry: What kind of plans?
jerry: You don't wanna tell me?
jerry: What? In his drink? Are you outta your mind? What are you Peter Lorre?
jerry: What if you destroy him?
jerry: Well, wha - what does that do? Big deal.
jerry: You've really gone mental.
"jerry: Where are you gonna get this mickey? I can't believe I'm saying ""mickey""!"
jerry: You got a mickey source?
jerry: Elaine? How did you rope her into this?
jerry: She knew that.
jerry: What is the point of all this?
jerry: Oh, the best revenge is living well.
jerry: Did you get your laundry?
jerry: What's with you?
jerry: What?
jerry: Did he call you last night?
jerry: What did you say?
jerry: Whew. Did he wave?
jerry: (realizing something) Oh, my god!
jerry: (tearing through his laundry bag) Well, on Thursday when I came home I had $1500 on me. For some reason I decided to hide it in my laundry bag and then I completely forgot about it...and then I took the laundry in on Friday! Oh, come on, let's go.
jerry: To the Laundromat.
jerry: Oh, I see. So, you put up a sign so you can do whatever you want? You're not a part of society.
jerry: So, anybody leaves anything here, you can just take it? You have a license to steal? You are like the James Bond of laundry?
jerry: Come on. Let's go.
jerry: Maybe we should call this off.
jerry: And what's gonna happen?
jerry: If only you could put your mind to something worthwhile. You're like Lex Luthor.
jerry: (trying to divert Vic's attention) What about the gentle cycle? You ever use that?
jerry: Do you think it's effeminate for a man to put clothes in a gentle cycle?
jerry: What about fine fabrics? How do you deal with that kind of temperament?
jerry: What about stone washing? You ever witness one of those? That must be something. What? Do they just pummel the jeans with rocks?
jerry: Yeah. That's true.
jerry: What? (Kramer hands Jerry an envelope) My God, the money! The 1500! Where'd you find it?
jerry: In your laundry the whole time? I told you not to mix in our guys. What did we figure the damage on that machine would be?
jerry: Elaine, come on, take a walk with me down to the Laundromat. I gotta pay this guy the money..
jerry: People like the idea of revenge. Have you ever heard the expression 'The best revenge is living well' I've said this, in other words it means supposedly the best way to get back at someone is just by being happy and successful in your own life. Sounds nice, doesn't really work on that Charles Bronson. kinda level. You know what I mean, those movies where his whole family gets wiped out by some street scum. You think you could go up to him, 'Charlie forgot about the 357 what you need is a custom-made suit and a convertible. New carpeting, french doors, a divan. That'll show those punks.'
"jerry: You know, I tell ya, I gotta say that I'm enjoying adulthood. For a lot of reasons. And, I'll tell you reason number one as an adult, if I want a cookie, I have a cookie, okay? I have three cookies or four cookies, or eleven cookies if I want. Many times I will intentionally ruin my entire appetite. Just ruin it. And then, I call my mother up right after to tell her that I did it. ""Hello, Mom? yeah, I just ruined my entire appetite.. cookies."" So what if you ruin.. See, because as an adult, we understand even if you ruin an appetite, there's another appetite coming right behind it. There's no danger in running out of appetites. I've got millions of them, I'll ruin them whenever I want!"
jerry: (Trying to read the note) What have I done? I can't read this! Ful-hel-mo-nen-ter-val? I got up last night, I wrote this down, I thought I had this great bit.
jerry: Johnny? Johnny who? Johnny Carson? Did I insult Johnny on The Tonight Show?
"jerry: I don't know. That's like asking ""Where's Waldo?"""
jerry: I don't think that's it.
jerry: What does that mean?
jerry: Oh, he's having a heart attack.
jerry: C'mon.
jerry: Oh, this is ridiculous.
jerry: I know what this is. You saw that show on PBS last night, Coronary Country. (To Elaine) I saw it in the TV Guide. I called him and told him to make sure and not watch it.
jerry: (To Elaine) He saw that show on anorexia last year, and ate like an animal for two weeks.
jerry: So what do you want? You want me take you to the hospital?
jerry: I'll call an ambulance. (Exits)
jerry: Well? What do you think?
"jerry: ""Salami salami bologna""?"
jerry: (Sarcastic) What a surprise. (Enters George's room overly sympathetic - leading George to think that the Doctor told Jerry something significant) Hey, how ya doin' buddy? You need anything? Do you want me to go out and get you a Superman comic?
jerry: (Still going along with the practical joke) You know, I was wondering.. You know that Black Hawks jacket you have?
jerry: Well, you know, I was thinking - if things don't exactly work out..
jerry: No, I tried it on. It fits good.
jerry: Well, you know..
jerry: Oh, and.. do you think it would be alright if I called Susan Davis?
jerry: Well, it's not like we'd be bumping into you.
jerry: You know, if your future was a little more certain..
jerry: Well, ah.. (Takes his pillow) What? Kind of like this? (Violently smothers George with the pillow. George freaks out. He didn't think Jerry would actually do it)
jerry: (Acts like he was cought red-handed) Elaine, what are you doing here? (Takes the pillow off George, and puts it back on his bed)
jerry: (Whispering) There's nothing wrong with him. I saw the doctor. He's fine.
jerry: (Sarcastic) Hey, that was really fun, George. Can we go home now?
jerry: Yeah, if you've been exposed to gamma rays.
jerry: (Sarcastically) Well, it's like the Capulets and the Montagues.
jerry: Women go after doctors like men go after models. They want someone with knowledge of the body.. we just want the body.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: (Trying to shut him up) Kramer.
jerry: Kramer, George didn't have a heart attack.
jerry: (Trying to calm George down) It's routine surgery.
jerry: Well, for one think, don't listen to him.
jerry: Eckman? I thought he was doing time?
jerry: A rebel? No. Johnny Yuma was a rebel. Eckman is a nut. George, you want to take care of your tonsils, you do it in a hospital. With a doctor.
jerry: George, you need a medical doctor.
jerry: Well, an overnight stay in a hospital? Minor surgery? I dunno, four grand.
jerry: Don't flatter yourself, my friend. I'm here strictly for material, and I have a feeling this is a potential gold mine.. I still think you're nuts, though.
jerry: (Jokingly making fun of George) I've never had a really good pickle.
jerry: Sorry.
jerry: (He thinks this, the audience can hear his thoughts) And you're not a doctor, but you play one in real life.
jerry: (Again, we hear his thoughts) There's some hot air blowing in here..
jerry: Too much dairy? You really think I'm eating too much dairy?
jerry: I love crampbark.
jerry: Cleaver, I once had cleaver as a kid. I was able to lift a car.
jerry: Couchgrass and crampbark? You know, I think that's what killed Curly.
jerry: Excuse me, Tor. May I ask you a question? You have intuitive abilities. You're in touch with a lot of this cosmic kind of things.. I have this note I can't read. I was wondering if-
jerry: (To Assistant) Maybe he doesn't like them. That's possible.
jerry: (To Assistant) I'll get you a Chuckle. You want me to get you a Chuckle?
jerry: You're gonna fight?
jerry: (Pleading) Really, gentlemen, please.
jerry: All this for a Chuckle.
jerry: It's a jelly candy. it comes in five flavors.
jerry: You just can't leave him out there.
jerry: How ya doing? (George nods) Can't talk? (George shakes his head. Jerry gestures to his brace) Hey, how'd you get the plastic one? (George raises his eyebrows) I like that. (George sticks his tongue out) So how's life without tonsils? (George quickly indicates with his arm that he wants ice cream) What? What's that? ..So, how much is this thing gonna cost you now? Like, five, six thousand?.. (George signals that it's more) Well, live and learn.. at least we lived. Kramer went to Eckman.. He feels better alreadyy.. (George motions for ice cream again) What are you doing?
jerry: Hey, check the TV.
jerry: (Pulls the note out of his pocket) That's it! That's it! Flaming globes of Sigmond! Flaming Globes of Sigmond! That's my note! tha'ts what I thought was so funny?! ..That's not funny.. There's nothing funny about that.
"jerry: I have a friend who's a hypochondriac, always thinks he's sick - never is. And they, you have another type of person, always thinks they're well, not matter how bad they really are. You know this type of person? Very annoying. ""Feel great.. like being on the respirator.. intravenous heart/lung machine. I never felt better in my life."" Medical science is making advances every day in control health problems. In fact, it's probably only a matter of time before a heart attack, you know, becomes like, a head ache. We'll just see people on TV going, ""I had a heart attack this big (Holds out hands, gesturing bigness) ..but, I gave myself one of these. Clear! (Puts imaginary electrode panels to his chest) Brrhht.. and it's gone!"""
jerry: What are you doing? All right, all right. What's the matter with that? What about that one?
jerry: He was good in Man From Uncle.
jerry: I know, I'm having my root canal the same week.
jerry: No, I don't wanna see the naked people.
jerry: I have a vague recollection of doing something with someone, but it was a long, long time ago.
jerry: I remember that it's a good thing. Someday, I hope to do it again. (Jerry looks at Elaine)
jerry: What?
jerry: What look?
jerry: I gave a look?
jerry: What kind of look?
jerry: Then what was it?
jerry: Well, you're the big look expert. I wanna see how smart you are.
jerry: What?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: No. Things pop into your head. You?
jerry: Yeah, me too. Well, you can't expect to just forget the past completely.
jerry: I mean, it was something we did. Probably about, what? Twenty-five times?
jerry: Yeah, we pretty much know what we're doin' in there. (Points to bedroom)
jerry: No big surprises.
jerry: What do you think?
jerry: Well, it's something to consider.
jerry: I mean, let's say we did.
jerry: Is that like the end of the world or something?
jerry: Why shouldn't we be able to do that once in a while if we want to?
jerry: I mean, really, what is the big deal? We go in there. (Points to the bedroom) We're in there for a while. We come right back out here. It's not complicated.
jerry: It's moronic.
jerry: Of course, I guess, maybe, some little problems could arise.
jerry: I mean, if anything happened, and we couldn't be friends the way we are now, that would be really bad.
jerry: Because this is very good. (Points back and forth between them to indicate friendship)
jerry: That would be good too. The idea is combine the this and the that. But this cannot be disturbed.
jerry: But of course, we'd have to figure out a way to avoid the things that cause the little problems. Maybe some rules or something.
jerry: For example, now, I call you whenever I'm inclined and vice versa.
jerry: But if we did that, we might feel a certain obligation to call.
jerry: Beautiful. Let's make it a rule.
jerry: Now here's another little rule.
jerry: When we see each other now, we retire to our separate quarters. But sometimes, when people get involved with that, they feel pressure to sleep over. When that is not really sleep. Sleep is separate from that. And I don't see why sleep got all tied up and connected with that.
jerry: Well now we're gettin' somewhere.
jerry: Tough one. You're call.
jerry: Fine. Well.
jerry: You ready?
jerry: So think you can handle this?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Not yet.
jerry: I haven't been out yet.
jerry: No, I think I saw him on land a couple times. So how's the job situation goin'?
jerry: Nothin' much. I slept with Elaine last night.
jerry: I thought you'd like that.
jerry: I know.
jerry: No, I can't do details.
jerry: I can't give details.
jerry: I'm not in the mood.
jerry: All right, okay. We're in the apartment watching TV.
jerry: On the couch.
jerry: No, separated.
jerry: Around eleven.
jerry: So she's flipping around the TV, and she gets to the naked station.
jerry: And then, somehow, we started talking about, what if we had sex.
jerry: It pains me to say this, but I may be getting to mature for details.
jerry: Well. I'll tell you though. It was really passionate.
jerry: She must've taken some kind of seminar or something.
jerry: Not exactly.
jerry: Well, we've tried to arrange a situation where we'll be able to do this once in a while and still be friends. (George laughs hysterically and stands out of his seat)
jerry: I think we've worked out a system.
jerry: No, this is very advanced. We've designed at set of rules that we can maintain the friendship by avoiding all of the relationship pitfalls.
jerry: Okay. No calls the next day.
jerry: You ready for the second one?
jerry: Spending the night. Optional.
jerry: No, that's the rule. It's optional.
jerry: I think you're wrong.
jerry: Is this yours or the roommate's?
jerry: Would she mind?
jerry: Well, that's too bad, 'cause I'm takin' it.
jerry: Well, guess I'll get going.
jerry: Well, I got that root canal tomorrow morning. It'll be easier if I go home.
jerry: I don't understand. Is there a problem? (Elaine is pulling a roll of paper towels about twenty feet long) I'm getting the impression there's a problem.
jerry: I'm having surgery tomorrow.
jerry: But you said, it can be very serious.
jerry: What happened to the rules? Remember? Sleeping over was optional.
jerry: It has nothing to do with whose house it is.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: I can't go if you're mad.
jerry: You seemed a little mad.
jerry: So you're okay with everything?
jerry: Definitely. Well, goodnight.
jerry: What?
jerry: No, no. I have to be very careful here. I don't want to send the wrong message. Especially after the other night.
jerry: No, no. You can't get her anything better than me. Whatever I spend, you have to spend half.
jerry: You don't understand. I'm in a very delicate position. Whatever I give her, she's going to be bringing in experts from all over the country to interpret the meaning behind it.
jerry: I think I heard her say something about a bench.
jerry: I don't know, but she mentioned a bench.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: I have no idea.
jerry: Forget the bench.
jerry: No, too relationshippy. She opens it up, she hears that Laura's theme, I'm dead.
jerry: Nice looking fellow.
jerry: Too romantic.
jerry: Too sexual.
jerry: Too domestic.
jerry: Too Gubernatorial. (?)
jerry: Maybe you won't like it.
jerry: You could not like it.
jerry: Of course I remembered. You reminded me everyday for two months. Oh, the card. (She opens)
jerry: Would do you think?
jerry: Well this way I figure you can go out and get yourself whatever you want. No good?
jerry: Well come on. That's $182 right there. I don't think that's anything to sneeze at.
"jerry: I said, ""and more."""
jerry: What's wrong with pal? Why is everyone so down on pal? (Kramer enters with present)
jerry: Great.
jerry: Well goody for you.
jerry: 182 bucks.
jerry: Could you excuse us please?
jerry: We're talking.
jerry: You know, we never had one fight before this deal.
jerry: Never.
jerry: We got along beautifully.
jerry: It was wonderful.
jerry: So I think we should just forget the whole deal, and go back to being friends.
jerry: You what?
jerry: You mean it's... (She nods) No this. No that. No this or that. Oh, boy. Hmmm. What do you want?
jerry: Oh, sure. Of course, you're entitled. Who doesn't want this, that, and the other?
jerry: (Starts to correct then realizes) Well...
jerry: I never should have made up those rules.
jerry: It can't be the nudity. I never got into these terrible fights and misunderstandings when I was changing before gym class.
jerry: Why?
jerry: What did you end up giving her?
jerry: Sorry about that.
jerry: Well, if I call her, there's no joking around anymore. This is pretty much it.
jerry: Could be it.
jerry: She's at it as you get. Imagine bumping into her on the street in five years with a husband. And she tells me he's a sculptor, they live in Vermont...
jerry: We'd get caught, I'd get the chair.
jerry: Plus, you know what else.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: And the other.
"jerry: Men flip around the television more than women, I think. Men get that remote control in their hands, they don't even know what the hell they're watching. You know, we just keep going, ""Rerun, don't wanna watch it.. "" ""What are you watching?"" ""I don't care, I gotta keep going."" ""Who was that?"" ""I don't know what it was - doesn't matter, it's not your fault. It doesn't matter, I gotta keep going."" Women don't do this. See now, women will stop and go, ""Well, let me see what the show is before I change the channel."" You see? Men just fly. Because women, you see, women nest and men hunt. That's why we watch TV differently. Before there was flipping around, before there was television, kings and emperors and pharaohs and such had story-tellers that would tell them stories 'cause that was their entertainment. I always wonder, in that era, if they would get, like, thirty story-tellers together so they could still flip around. Just go, ""Alright start telling me a story, what's happening? I don't want to hear anymore. Shut up. Go to the next guy. What are you talking about? Is there a girl in that story? ..No? Shut up. Go to the next guy. What do you got? I don't want to hear that either. Shut up. No, go ahead, what are you talking about?.. I don't want to hear that. No, the all of you, get out of here. I'm going to bed."""
jerry: She's the performance artist, right?
jerry: What's her husband's name, again? Chip? Kip? Skip?
jerry: Todd. Oh yeah. (To George) He's a Kennedy.
jerry: C'mon. He's a third cousin, or something.
jerry: Oh, by marriage. (To George) We went to their wedding. You should have heard him talking about Chappaquiddick - trying to blame the whole thing on bad directions.
jerry: Thin ice, George. Thin ice..
jerry: (Gesturing to George) You believe this guy? He holds a grudge like Khomeini.
jerry: Oh, and she cooks dinner onstage for some celebrity?
jerry: (To Elaine) he thought he still had a shot.
jerry: What ever happened with the shirt?
jerry: Asked you? You're not going to do that are you?
jerry: Ask not what I can do for you - ask what you can do for me.
jerry: But?
jerry: Lyme disease? I thought she had Epstein-Barr Syndrome?
jerry: How did she get Lyme disease?
jerry: They still do that play?
jerry: With all the nudity?
jerry: Explain to me how this baby shower thing works.
jerry: Well, I mean, does it ever erupt into a drunken orgy of violence?
jerry: There's no hazing of the fetus, or anything, is there?
jerry: When is this suppose to be?
jerry: Saturday?.. Well, I have a show in Buffalo on Saturday. They're not gonna bust up my apartment, or anything, are they?
jerry: 'Cause I've seen these pregnant women - and they sometimes misjudge their fetal girth. Just like one wrong turn, and boom! And entire buffet is swept off the table.
jerry: And if you do?
jerry: Quiet. I'm trying to get a picture.
jerry: (Pleading) Leave me alone.
jerry: I'm not getting illegal cable!
jerry: No, I read in the paper..
jerry: Well, they might hook us up again.
jerry: Stop shouting! You're ruining the reception.
jerry: What you're suggesting is illegal.
jerry: It's against the law.
jerry: (Gesturing to the rabbit ears) Just, just, hold this. Can you hold that?
jerry: A real human rights nut, huh?
jerry: I don't know. What if I get caught?
jerry: You know, why don't we wait? Because, I'm going out of town tomarrow.
jerry: (Mutters to himself) Every time I turn on the TV, sirens are gonna go off. They're gonna track me down like a dog, I know it..
jerry: (Pauses, thinking about what Kramer just said) Put it in.
jerry: Seinfeld.
jerry: My cable hook-up? What about it?
jerry: It has? I've been out of town. How did you know?
jerry: Wait a minute. Wait a minute, hold on! We're just patsies. We're just a couple of users.. We never sold the stuff. What about the Russian guy? The Russian guy is the guy you want.
jerry: Excuse me. Can I get something to drink?
jerry: What's with this airline? What are you, cutting out the drinks now?
jerry: (Sarcastic) Are they gonna go over the instructions again?
"jerry: I'm not afraid of flying, although many people do have fear of flying and, I have no arguement with that. I think fear of flying is quite rational because, human beings cannot fly. Humans have fear of flying same way fish have fear of driving. Put a fish behind the wheel, and they go, ""This isn't right. I shouldn't be doing this. I don't belong here."""
jerry: Oh, fire engines, ambulances all along the runway. And then, when we landed safely, they all seemed so disappointed.
jerry: Well, there was so much snow. The roads were closed. I really appreciate it - you picking me up. Thanks again.
jerry: No, really.. an airport run.
"jerry: Hey, it's one thing if I asked you ""Could you do me a favor?"" ..But to suggest it?.. GEORGE (Obviously up to something. Jerry doesn't suspect anything - yet) Whey you told me what you went through on the plane, it makes you stop and think. You appreciate having a real friend."
jerry: (Joking) You know, if Richie Brandes did this, I'd be suspicious, you know. He's always got some ulterior motive.
jerry: Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't take the bridge.. Get off here. We can't go back to my place, Elaine's having the shower.
jerry: Yeah, yeah. I forgot all about it. Alright, it's no big deal. We'll just go back to your place.
jerry: You want to get a bite?
jerry: Well, so what should we do?
jerry: Red shirt! Red shirt! That's the red shirt!
jerry: You're wearing the chocolate shirt!
jerry: A - Ha! Nice try, my friend, but you gotta get up pretty early in the morning..
jerry: What are you gonna do? Badger a pregnant woman at her own baby shower?! What are you, gonna take it off and make her rinse it in club soda?
jerry: And what if we go up there? What are you going to say to her?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: You'll never say that to her face.
jerry: The show was cancelled. There was a blizzard.
jerry: Well, Leslie, sometimes the road less travelled is less travelled for a reason.
jerry: I'm sorry, I..
jerry: (Stammering) Oh, I, I, think I remember..
jerry: Well, I'm sure I meant to call.. I probably just lost your..
jerry: No, I don't think that..
jerry: Alright, listen, I've changed my mind about this whole thing. I don't want cable.
jerry: No, I don't want. So, just tell me what I owe you for your trouble..
jerry: (To Kramer) Four hundred dollars?1 You told me one-fifty!
jerry: (Defiantly) I'm not paying four hundred dollars! I don't even want the thing. What are you going to do?!
jerry: Alright, I said I had a good time and I'd call, but who takes that literally?
"jerry: What do you do at the end of a date when you know you don't want to see this person ever again, for the rest of your life? What do you say? What do you say? No matter what you say, it's a lie. ""I'll see you around. See you around. If you're around, and I'm around, I'll see you around that area. You'll be around other people. You won't be around me. But you will be around."" ""Take care now."" Did you ever say that to somebody? ""Take care now. Take care, now. Because, I'm not going to be taking care of you. So, you should take care, now."" ""Take care. Take care."" What does this mean? ""Take off!"" Isn't that what you really want to say? ""Take off now."""
"jerry: (A couple of days ago I used a public phone), go over time on the call, hang up the phone, walk away. You've had this happen? Phone rings. It's the phone company... they want more money. Don't you love this? And you got them right where you want them for the first time in your life. You're on the street, there's nothing they can do. I like to let it ring a few times, you know, let her sweat a little over there, then I just pick it up, ""Yeah, operator... oh, I got the money... I got the money right here... D'you hear that? (taps on microphone) That's a quarter. Yeah, you want that don't you?"""
jerry: I tell you what they should do, they should combine the two jobs, make it one job, 'cop\garbage man'. I always see cops walking around with nothing to do. Grab a broom! Start sweeping. You sweep sweep sweep... catch a criminal, get right back to sweeping.
jerry: Ehh, nobody listens.
jerry: Really? I thought things were going OK.
jerry: Well what is it?
jerry: Ah, alright, four. Seinfeld.
jerry: We might as well just stay here, we haven't got that much time if we wanna make it to the movie.
jerry: So did I do a terrible thing?
jerry: I couldn't have dinner with him. 'Plan 9 from Outer Space', one night only, the big screen. My hands are tied!
jerry: Can't look at a menu now, I gotta be at the table.
jerry: Hey, I offered you those cookies in my house.
jerry: There's a woman over there that looks really familiar. Dark hair, striped shirt?
jerry: I know this woman. This is gonna drive me crazy.
jerry: Well maybe they were here from before.
jerry: Excuse me, didn't those people just come in? I believe we were ahead of them.
jerry: Seinfeld.
jerry: Boy, you are really hungry.
jerry: What?
jerry: Yeah, I wanna get into a rumble...
jerry: George, who is that woman in the stripes?
jerry: She looks so familiar.
jerry: I'll tell you what, there's 50 bucks in it for you if you do it.
jerry: You walk over that table, you pick up an eggroll, you don't say anything, you eat it, say 'thank you very much', wipe your mouth, walk away- I give you 50 bucks.
jerry: They won't do anything; in fact, you'll be giving them a story to tell for the rest of their lives.
jerry: 50 bucks. That table over there, the three couples.
jerry: No, no tricks.
jerry: What happened?
jerry: George, the phone's free.
jerry: I told my uncle I had a stomach ache tonight. You think he bought that?
jerry: So what happened with Tatiana?
jerry: Come on...
jerry: I'm with you.
jerry: This could only happen to you.
jerry: You said this to her after.
jerry: Oh, boy.
jerry: Wow! So...?
jerry: What am I gonna say?
jerry: Excuse me... we've been waiting here. Now, I KNOW we were ahead of that guy, he just came in.
jerry: Didja leave a message?
jerry: Where do I know her?
jerry: Heeeeyyyy... How you doin'?
jerry: Good, good, good... What's goin' on?
jerry: Oh, you know, working around, same stuff, doing... whatever.
jerry: I know, I know... Well, you know.
jerry: Definitely. I plan to, I'm not just saying that.
jerry: I'm sorry, Lorraine, this is Elaine...
jerry: Oh my god, Lorraine... that's Lorraine from my uncle's office. I'm in big, big trouble.
jerry: Yeah, she works in his office. Now she's gonna see him tomorrow and tell him she saw me here tonight. He's gonna tell his wife, his wife's gonna call my mother. Oh, this is bad, you don't know, the chain reaction of calls this is gonna set off. New York, Long Island, Florida, it's like the Bermuda Triangle. Unfortunately, nobody ever disappears. My uncle to my aunt, my aunt to my mother, my mother to my uncle...
jerry: ...My uncle to my cousin, my cousin to my sister, my sister to me.
jerry: Just a movie?! You don't understand. This isn't 'Plans 1 through 8 from Outer Space', this is 'Plan 9', this is the one that worked. The worst movie ever made!
jerry: Hey, I got news for you, if we're making this movie, we gotta get a table immediately.
jerry: In a Chinese restaurant? Do they take money?
jerry: Oh, come on, We'll divide it up three ways.
jerry: I'm counting your shrimps. OK, Who's gonna do it?
jerry: Me? What about you?
jerry: The woman's movement just can't seem to make any progress in the world of bribery, can they?
jerry: You lost the 20.
jerry: What a sorry exhibition that was. Alright, let me get the money back.
jerry: Seinfeld.
jerry: No no no, you see the girl there, with the long hair?
jerry: Well, actually, we did date for a while, but... it's really not relevant here.
jerry: Alright, listen, alright. How much longer is it gonna be?
jerry: There seems to be a bit of a discrepancy.
jerry: Five, ten minutes.
jerry: I don't see any way we can eat and make this movie.
jerry: Well let's just order to go, we'll eat it in the cab.
jerry: We'll eat it in the movie.
jerry: Well what do you suggest?
jerry: I'm not going to 'Skyburger'. Besides, it's in the opposite direction, let's just eat popcorn or something.
jerry: So they have hotdogs there.
jerry: Who's Cartwright?
jerry: You're not Cartwri-
jerry: So You're not going?
jerry: Well I can't go to a bad movie by myself. Who am I gonna make sarcastic remarks to, strangers? Eh, I guess I'll just go to my uncle's.
"jerry: Hunger will make people do amazing things. I mean, the proof of that is cannibalism. Cannibalism, what do they say, I mean, they're eating and, you know, ""This is good, who is this? I like this person"". You know, I mean, I would think the hardest thing about being a cannibal is trying to get some very deep sleep, you know what I mean? I would think, you'd be like, (pretending to wake up) ""Who is that? Who's there? Who's there? Is somebody there? What do you want? What do you want? You look hungry, are you hungry? Get out of here!"""
"jerry: I'm not a foodie. I don't, ""Oh, this is too rare. Oh, it's too salty."" Just eat it and shut up. I'll eat anywhere, whatever they're having. I have eaten rotten rolls off of room service trays in hotel hallways. I have. It's not a joke. This is my life. I don't know, somebody left it. Why would someone poison a roll, and leave it in a hallway for some comic coming down at two o' clock in the morning? Why would they do that? Sometimes you go to a nice restaurant, they put the check in a little book. What is this? The story of the bill? ""Once upon a time, there were some very hungry people.."" What is this? A little gold tassle hanging down? Am I graduating from the restaurant? What is this about?"
jerry: Take some of mine.
jerry: Who said you have to like it?
jerry: I don't like pesto.
jerry: (Gesturing to a man) Look at that guy. (Elaine starts to look, but Jerry stops her) I'll bet you he's gettin' hair transplants. Any time you see a guy that age wearing a baseball cap, ten to one - plugs.
jerry: (To Elaine) Oh, one more thing about the car. Let it warm up for a minute.
jerry: I don't understand why he couldn't take a cab.
"jerry: Elaine is having a ""houseguest."" She's picking him up at the airport tonight."
jerry: He's from a.. Yakima, right?
jerry: Everybody's moving to Seattle.
jerry: Well, from what I can piece together, our friend here met a gentleman.
jerry: Who was in town on a business venture, and um..
jerry: So they went out a few times, but apparently, when the fellow returned home, he discovered that the Benes tattoo does not wash off so easily.
jerry: So, he's coming in to stay with her for a week.
jerry: (Pats George on the back) Nice going. Thank you, that ought to get us a free dessert.. (They can see the manager chewing the busboy out from the dining room doorway) I think the busboy's in trouble.
jerry: (Casually buttering a roll, like he's the innocent one) I didn't say anything.
jerry: (Jokingly trying to put more pressure on Elaine and George) He'll probably kill his family over this.
jerry: (Again, joking) A lot of ex-cons become busboys. They seem to gravitate twards 'em.
jerry: (Doesn't have a care in the world) ..Maybe I'll try that pesto.
jerry: Look, I feel bad for him too, but he'll get another job. I mean, let's face it, it's not a profession where you embellish your resume and undergo a series of grueling interviews.
jerry: Oh, like you do.
jerry: (Scoffing) Camp.
jerry: Elaine?
jerry: Busboys are always changing jobs. That's the business. I know. I work with these guys. I tallk to them in the kitchen at the comedy clubs.
jerry: I'd love to, but I don't know anything about him. He could be one of those people that walks around the street pricking people with pins.
jerry: No. (George grabs his jacket) So now you're going to his apartment? I really think this is nuts.
jerry: You, you're going now?
jerry: Maybe the fat camp. (To Elaine) You're not going?
jerry: I just don't think you should go alone. Can't you wait till after my set?
jerry: Take the K-man. A little support..
jerry: (On the phone) George, stop worrying about this guy. It wasn't your fault.. Come on, he's not stalking you.
jerry: (To Kramer) Hey. (To George) He doesn't even know where you live.. Who told you to give him your business card?.. (Intercom buzzes) That's Elaine. (Kramer buzzes her in. Jerry talks into the phone) Kramer.. (To Kramer) George wants to know when you want to look for the cat again.
jerry: (Into phone) Kramer says it's up to the cat now. (To Kramer) It'll be on your conscience.
jerry: (Into phone) How do you figure? (To Kramer) 'Cause you're the one who left the door open.
jerry: (Into phone) Why was he in charge of closing the door? (Irritated at the phone message relay, to Kramer) 'Cause you came in after him!
jerry: (Into phone) So! (To Kramer - getting even more angry) So, the last person in should close the door!
jerry: (To Kramer) Talk - call him from your house. (Elaine enters. Kramer leaves. To phone) He's calling you now.. okay. (Hangs up)
jerry: No hello?
jerry: Guarantee? ..Hey, it's a car.
jerry: (Jokingly asking) So, did you have a nice week together?
jerry: There's no ping. Why are you so wacky?
jerry: So, you two been, uh..
jerry: What's your airport route?
jerry: ..What about the Van Wyck?
jerry: Oooh.
jerry: You still using that old alarm clock?
"jerry: Flying doesn't make me nervous - driving to the airport can make you very nervous because when you're flying, when you're getting on the plane, if you miss that plane, there's no alternative. On the ground, you have options. You have buses, you have taxis, you have trains. But, when you're taking a flight, if you miss it, that's it. No airline goes, ""Well, you missed the flight, we do have a cannon leaving in about ten minutes. Would you be interested in that? It's not a direct cannon, you have to change cannons after you land."" (Imitates cannon operator) ""I'm sorry, where you goin'? Chicago? (Cranks the cannon) Oh, Dallas? Alright, wait a second.. (Cranks cannon to Dallas) Dallas. That's about Dallas. Texas, anyway. You should hit Texas. Are you ready? Make sure you get out of the net immediately, because we shoot the luggage in right after you."""
jerry: Anywhere in the city?
jerry: Okay.. Fifty-fourth and Sixth?
jerry: Alright.. Sixty-fifth and Tenth.
jerry: You don't mean here?
jerry: Where are you going?
jerry: (Trying to get George and Kramer out) No. You three all know each other. There's no point in me getting involved at this stage of the game.
jerry: He'll get another job. He's a busboy!
jerry: It was that fall down the stairs. That's what did it.
jerry: Yeah.. (Takes a bite of his sandwich as the waiter starts cleaning off the table) How ya doing?
"jerry: First of all, I can't believe that people actually do fight. People have fist fights in life. I can't really believe that we have boxing either. It's really kind of an amazing thing. To me, the problem with boxing is - you have two guys having a fight that have no prior argument. Why don't they have the boxers come into the ring in little cars, drive around a bit, have a little accident? They get out, ""Didn't you see my signal?"" ""Look at that fender!"" ..Then you'd see a real fight."
"jerry: Evry-Every time somebody recommends a doctor, he's always the best. ""Oh, is he good?"" ""Oh, he's the best. This guy's the best."" They can't all be the best. There can't be this many bests. Someone's graduating at the bottom of these classes, where are these doctors? Is somewhere, someone saying to their friend, ""You should see my doctor, he's the worst. Oh yeah, he's the worst, he's the absolute worst there is. Whatever you've got, it'll be worse after you see him. No, he's just, he's a butcher. The man's a butcher."" And then there's always that, ""Make sure that you tell him that, you know, you know me."" Why? What's the difference? He's a doctor. What is it, ""Oh, you know Bob! Okay, I'll give you the real medicine. And everybody else, I'm giving Tic-Tacs."""
jerry: What do you think the worst part of being blind is?
jerry: You know, if you were blind, what do you think the worst part of it would be?
jerry: I think it would be not being able to tell if there was bugs in my food. How could you ever enjoy a meal like that? I'd constantly be feeling around with my lips and my tongue.
jerry: You hear about that kid that was kidnapped the other day in Pennsylvania?
jerry: He was at a carnival with his mother. She goes to get a hot dog, next thing you know she turns around, boom, he's gone.
jerry: Imagine how sick a person has to be to do something like that. (she starts the quick hand chops on his back) And these people are all over the place. You never know who's crazy, I could be one of these people.
jerry: Who takes care of your boy during the day?
jerry: No no. I'm just saying.
jerry: Oh I'm sure she did, I'm sure they're impeccable. I'm talking about the ones that forge `em.
jerry: (about the massage)You know I think this is really helping.
jerry: So she's giving me the massage and I'm just making conversation.
jerry: Neither do I, but I do it for them. I figure they're bored.
jerry: I'm in the middle of a story.
jerry: Well its not like it's a really funny story or anything.
jerry: Well so she mentioned that she had a son, and then for some reason, I launch into the story about the kid from Pennsylvania who was abducted.
jerry: Yes, it was.
jerry: I know it was stupid.
jerry: Hey, I just said it was stupid.
jerry: Take it.
jerry: Hey, would you stop it already?
jerry: I don't know, she actually seemed to get a little paranoid.
jerry: Nah, she's really good and she's not just a masseuse, she's a physical therapist. There's a big difference. She uses the ultrasound, it's a real medical procedure. In fact, if you get a doctor's note, it's covered by insurance.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Not if you have a doctor's note.
jerry: Well I've never actually done it but if I really wanted to I could probably get one from my friend Roy, the dentist.
jerry: I'll tell you, but don't ask her anything about her kid, she a little off.
jerry: No appointments at all? Because my neck is still tight. What about Thursday? And Friday? Oh boy. Okay, thanks anyway.
jerry: What's with you?
jerry: Yes, A...?
jerry: Yes, a man gave you...?
jerry: So?
jerry: He was what?!
jerry: That's a massage.
jerry: You took your pants off?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Really?
jerry: Moved?
jerry: I'm sure it didn't move.
jerry: Maybe it just wanted to change positions? You know, shift to the other side.
jerry: Okay, so what if it moved?
jerry: That's not the test. Contact is the test, if it moves, as a result of contact.
jerry: That's what a gym teacher once told me.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Joe DiMaggio? In Dinky Donuts?
jerry: No, I'm sorry, if Joe DiMaggio wants a donut, he goes to a fancy restaurant or a hotel. He's not sitting in Dinky Donuts.
jerry: I can't see Joe DiMaggio sitting at the counter in little tiny filthy smelly Dinky Donuts.
jerry: He can have a donut,
jerry: but not at Dinky.
jerry: I never said I'd do that.
jerry: I don't know how I feel about it.
jerry: Alright, alright.
jerry: ...so we were just kinda wondering if it was possible for you to write us a note, and if you can't, believe me, it's fine.
jerry: I mean, if you feel funny about it, at all.
jerry: If he does.
jerry: He feels funny. You don't have to do this.
jerry: Roy, should we go? Is this a breach of our friendship?
jerry: What is the matter with you?
jerry: You don't have to, really.
jerry: We should probably get one for Elaine, too, right George? (turns to George, who is staring intently at the Holyfield poster) George?
jerry: Well what about the week after?
jerry: No appointments at all? (motions to Elaine to move over)
jerry: Can I - can I at least just talk to her so I can apologize? Forget it. (Hangs up) I can't believe this, I make one innocent comment, about some lunatic in Pennsylvania and I'm cut off. This woman is insane. (Looks at Elaine for a moment) What's with you?
jerry: Well you were too close to me, I was all scrunched in there.
jerry: Uh huh.
jerry: See, now I know it's not him. Joe DiMaggio could not be a dunker.
jerry: What happened to you?
jerry: Hello? Oh, hi Roy. What? Oh my god. Wel-- how did this happen? What can I do? Oh. I am so sorry. Okay. Bye. (Hangs up) That was Roy. He's under investigation for insurance fraud.
jerry: I told you.
jerry: I told you we shouldn't do it.
jerry: He's got a house, a family, they could take away his license. You should have heard him. Three notes, how stupid was that? We never should have got three notes.
jerry: Yeah, you, me and George.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: You what?
jerry: Why'd you do that?
jerry: Of course I was getting you a note.
jerry: Neither did you, that's how he got caught. We sent in four notes from two doctors.
jerry: Hi Pam.
jerry: I just thought ahh maybe I could talk to Roy, if um
jerry: Hi Roy.
jerry: I don't even know what to say.
jerry: I knew this would happen.
jerry: I mean the whole thing, it's just...
jerry: Well it's not tragic.
jerry: No, it's...
jerry: Okay. I mean, what if the--
jerry: I'm not happy.
jerry: I mean I'm happy sometimes, but-but not now.
jerry: Yeah, college was fun.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Oh please, I love her.
jerry: Well what's the next move, what's gonna happen now?
jerry: What? The physical therapist? Why?
jerry: Hi. Ah look, I know I don't have an appointment but it's really important that I talk with Julianna.
jerry: Yeah, I know she's mad at me, but I really have to speak with her.
jerry: You don't understand, ah
jerry: Wait a second, don't you--
jerry: Hi. Hi. Look, I don't know what you think --
jerry: --but, you see, let me just talk to you for a second, see, what I did is inadvertently sent an insurance--
jerry: Can't you just listen to me?
jerry: The police?
jerry: Yeah, I still don't see any dinner invitations forthcoming.
jerry: Hey, it's the K-man. (he bangs on the glass to get Kramer's attention, Elaine laughs) Maybe it's time you got a different hobby.
jerry: Did he say anything?
jerry: Having a cup of coffee.
jerry: Wow. Look at him. The Yankee Clipper
jerry: here.
"jerry: What causes homophobia? What is it, that makes a heterosexual man, worry? I think it's because, men know, that deep down we have weak sales resistance. We're constantly buying shoes that hurt us, pants that don't fit right. Men think, ""Obviously I can be talked into anything. What if I accidentally wander into some sort of homosexual store, thinking it's a shoe store, and the salesman goes, 'Just hold this guy's hand, walk around the store a little bit, see how you feel. No obligation, no pressure, just try it. Would you like to see him in a sandal?'"""
jerry: Welcome everyone to the room...Ah, the extra button....yeah ... what kind of a sicko would save these ...have them in a huge file, drawers that wide (small fingers opening imaginary drawers) Where the hell is that ... I mean is it THAT hard to get round black buttons that they have to make it into such a great thing like this? ... is it such a great jacket ... the buttons are so unique, so one of a kind, you'll never find them - they save you the trouble of knocking your brain off - and we know they're going to fall off too that's the other thing ...
jerry: These are the receipts from 85 and I'm going to do 86.
jerry: I don't blame you. I blame myself.
jerry: OK, I blame you.
jerry: What was I supposed to do? You knew I was on my first date with Elaine. You come barging in here asking me to contribute money for a volcano relief fund for krakatoa.
jerry: I find the whole thing very embarrassing.
jerry: Yeah, tha's easy when you have no income.
jerry: Hi
jerry: Kramer dating your room mate. It's funny.
jerry: Oh he's uh, helping me sort my receipts. I'm being audited.
jerry: Oh, I contributed money to a charity that turned out to be fraudulent. It's very boring.
jerry: Uh, Along long time ago, in a galaxy far far away.
jerry: Volcano? Really?
jerry: Something to drink?
jerry: You got it ALL wrong. I was thinking only of the poor Krakatoans
jerry: Those brave Krakatoans East of Java. who sacrifice so much for so long.
jerry: No, that's Krama.
jerry: It's all taken care of.
jerry: An old friend of mine, whom you may have met, George Costanza, has recently become intimate with a female accountant who was formally a highly placed official with an outfit known as the IRS. And as we speak, at this very moment he is handing over to her all of my pertinent tax information. And she has assured us that the matter is well within her field of expertise.
jerry: I don't know. It must be love.
jerry: ... if this audit had happened to me and I didn't have this woman to help me I would have killed this man. I would have strangled the life out of him with my bare hands
jerry: Have you ever been through an audit?
jerry: It's hell. It's the financial equivalent of a complete rectal examination. I would have killed this man. Torn him limb from limb, ripped the flesh right off his bones ...
jerry: Yeah
jerry: Come up - Ah, there he is, the man himself, George Louis Costanza. Here I am about to go to the electric chair and my oldest friend is dating the governor
jerry: And there's so much more to go.
jerry: So what happened? You gave her my tax papers? ... My papers?
jerry: What happened you didn't give her the papers?
jerry: SO?
jerry: You what?
jerry: I'm being audited! And you broke up with her?
jerry: Why will she still do it? She hates you now. People don't do you favors after you dump them.
jerry: How is that possible?
jerry: Oh, my God.
jerry: It's unheard of ...
jerry: So you lie! What did you tell her?
jerry: Pretentious!? The woman has my tax papers. You told her she was pretentious? The IRS. They're like the MAFIA. They can take anything they want
jerry: OK, wait a second, wait a second, what happened to my papers?
jerry: Yeah, I know champagne, limos, cigars. WHAT happened to the papers?
jerry: Is that relevant? She TOOK them. Call her office.
jerry: What? What?
jerry: This is no good. This is no good. Call her house.
jerry: Not good.
jerry: Not good
jerry: I can see that. What's it for?
jerry: Yeah (to buzzer)
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: wouldn't it be invisible? I mean, what, are you going to just sense it's in front of the couch?
jerry: What's with you two?
jerry: Tell me what?
jerry: Completely naked?
jerry: OK, just a second lets not lose our heads here. Kramer you know you are always welcome in my home but as far as Mr. Johnson is concerned, that's another story.
jerry: You'll sense it.
jerry: Well, what happened? Was she there?
jerry: You didn't get my papers?
jerry: Well, where is she?
jerry: Why is it so difficult, uncomfortable, to be naked. It's because when you have clothes on you can always kinda make those little adjustments which people like to do ... you feel like you're getting it together, yeah, yeah pretty good (pulling at lapels, pockets etc.) feeling good looking good But when you're naked it's like it's so final you're, Well that's it. (no movements) There's nothing else I can do. That's why I like to wear a belt when I'm naked. Cause I feel it gives me something, I know I'm naked, but you know, (tugging and lifting belt) I like to get pockets to hang off of the belt that would be, wouldn't that be the ultimate? To be naked and still be able to do this (hand in pocket) I think that would really help a lot.
jerry: A mental institution?
jerry: You know I hate to raise a crass financial concern but was there any information as to the where abouts of my PAPERS!
jerry: So what now?
jerry: Can we go out there?
jerry: Woodhaven.
"jerry: My cousin Douglas was in a place like this one time . He came over to my house for dinner. There was no soda and he went bezerk. He was screamin' ""where's the Pepsi, where's the Pepsi?"""
jerry: That'd be great. There's no wrong answer.
jerry: Tuberculosis
jerry: Leroy
jerry: Tuberculosis
jerry: Want, want? What could I possibly want? Uh, I just came because I, I heard so many nice things about you from George.
jerry: Just chatting. Friendly.
jerry: It's one stupid thing after another. So let me ask you, when you come to one of these places, what do you bring your pocketbook?
jerry: He's never guiled. You know some women keep a lot of important papers in their, uh, pocket books. Like for example oh, someone else's personal financial papers.
jerry: there are no copies.
jerry: Who makes copies?
jerry: (on phone)Yes, I'm trying to get a copy of a receipt for a computer that I bought there.... it was 1987 ... I remember I talked to a guy - he had like a maroon sport jacket - and he might have had a toupee - oh, it was a weave - ok uh, then I'll come bye ok, bye.
jerry: Anybody want to take a walk down to 48th street? I think I may have tracked down another receipt.
jerry: George?
jerry: You're going by 48th St. You can give me a ride.
"jerry: I was audited last year. At first I thought well, IRS kinda sounds like Toys R Us maybe won't be so bad. Maybe they have a sense of fun about it, you know. But it's it's bad. It's an ordeal. And they don't do anything to keep your spirits up through the ordeal. I think they should take all your receipts and put them in one of those big Lucite sweepstake drums and just kinda crank it around there. You know give me a feeling like you might win something. You know what I mean? Then they can pull them out one by one and go ""Oh, I'm sorry that's another illegal deduction. But we do have some lovely parting gifts for you. Jail!"""
"jerry: I have never seen an old person in a new bathing suit in my life. I don't know where they get their bathing suits, but my father has bathing suits from other centuries. My parents live in Florida, and if you go down there and you forget your bathing suits then they want you to wear one of theirs. You know how that gets? ""You need trunks son? I've got trunks for you. You can wear my trunks."" Fathers don't wear bathing suits, they wear trunks. It's kind of the same thing a tree would wear if it went swimming. So I get in the water with in thing and it's like floating around me somewhere. Did you ever put on a bathing suit that you don't even know exactly where you are inside the bathing suit? You bump into somebody you know ""No I'm parasailing, I'm waiting for the boat to come back."""
jerry: Hey, there's the old man! (hug)
jerry: Ahh, we waited 35 minutes in the rent-a-car place.
jerry: What's the difference?
jerry: I don't wanna use your car.
jerry: Nothing. It's a fine car. What if you wanna use it?
jerry: So what would you do? You'd hitch?
jerry: I don't know. 25 bucks a day.
jerry: Oh, I didn't get the insurance.
jerry: You're not paying for it.
jerry: God it's so hot in here. Why don't you put on the air conditioning?
jerry: It's not a speech. Do I have to make a speech?
jerry: (ironically) Oh yeah, that will go over real well with that crowd.
jerry: The lake isn't real.
jerry: I'm gonna put Elaine's stuff in here.
jerry: Ma.
jerry: (to Morty) What about you?
jerry: (to Helen) What about him?
jerry: Na, that's not such a good idea.
jerry: Not now. She's right inside.
jerry: I don't know. We decided we don't really work as a couple.
jerry: Well...
jerry: Shh! Nothing, nothing.
jerry: (tries to explain to Morty but Elaine then comes out of the guest room to get more luggage, so he fakes a conversation) ...but you know, look at the sun-dried tomatoes. Where were they five years ago? It just goes to show you. You never know what... huh (waiting for Elaine to go back in the guest room) you know... huh... What could happen to a vegetable. It could just take right off at any time. (Morty finally gets it. So Jerry goes on quieter) We've tried all kind of arrangements, but we can't seem to be friends when we sleep together.
jerry: I'm looking. That's the point. I like looking.
jerry: I'm going for the record.
jerry: Oh, come on.
jerry: Nice to see you. This is Elaine.
jerry: We're going scuba diving. We'll be back in time.
jerry: For fun.
jerry: I don't think so.
jerry: What kind of pen is that?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Wow! That's the astronaut pen. I heard about that. Where did you get it?
jerry: Cause sometimes I write in bed and I have to turn and lean on my elbow to make the pen work.
jerry: Oh no.
jerry: I couldn't
jerry: I can't take it.
jerry: No, I'm not...
jerry: I cannot take it!
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: O.K. Thank you very much. Thank you. Gee, boy!
jerry: Thanks again.
jerry: What he gave it to me.
jerry: He offered it to me.
jerry: I liked it. Should I have said I didn't like it?
"jerry: He could have said ""Thank you, I like it too"" and put it back in his pocket."
jerry: If he likes it so much, he never should have offered it.
jerry: Well, he was wrong.
jerry: So you want me to return it?
jerry: Hey I don't even want the pen now!
jerry: Are you O.K. in here?
jerry: It's only for three days. Today's over and we have tommorow. We leave on Sunday. It's one day, really.
jerry: Oh you wanna switch? I'm sleeping on a love seat. I've got my feet up in the air like I'm in a space capsule.
jerry: Oh, no don't say that. You'll jinx me.
jerry: They're nuts with temperature.
jerry: How about that guy writing a check for 19.45?
jerry: It's one day. Half a day, really. I mean you substract showers and meals, it's like twenty minutes. It will go by like that. (snapping his fingers)
jerry: Stay on Biscayne.
jerry: Yes. Generally that's where scuba diving is done.
jerry: What's so special up here?
jerry: Then YOU would be hunched over.
jerry: You can't go?
jerry: Without you? That's the whole reason you came down here.
jerry: You sure?
jerry: We'll stay in a hotel tonight.
jerry: Why don't you get a new sofa?
jerry: I'm buying you a new sofa.
jerry: Hi. How are you?
jerry: Evelyn, this is Elaine.
jerry: Too thin?
jerry: (Jerry scratches his head and acts like he's not sure what she's talking about) What?
jerry: I never really wanted the pen.
jerry: No, no, I...
"jerry: All I said was ""I like the pen""."
jerry: Don't be alarmed.
jerry: I'm O.K. My capillaries burst.
jerry: (to Elaine on the floor) How are you doing?
jerry: Is it my imagination or is it freezing in here?
jerry: Well I started to go under...
jerry: Yeah, and I got about ten feet down and I felt this tremendous pressure on my mask. Like my eyeballs were being sucked out of their sockets.
jerry: I got in a fist fight with one of the ladies at the pool.
jerry: Listen M. Klompus, it was really a nice gesture of you to give me the pen, but I don't really need it.
jerry: I mean it's a terrific pen, but I think you should keep it. (he hands the pen to Jack)
jerry: Take it.
jerry: What is going on in this community! Are you people aware of what's happening? What is driving you to this behavior? Is it the humudity? Is it the Muzak? Is it the white shoes?
jerry: Isn't he supposed to be the emcee?
jerry: Well. This should be a very interesting evening.
jerry: (Jerry brings her back) You took too many of those pills.
jerry: Oh God. (foreseeing an arm's grabbing as he sees Uncle Leo entering with his wife Stella)
jerry: (to Leo) Uncle Leo.
jerry: I've got a black eye.
jerry: Oh uh, Elaine, this is my aunt Stella.
jerry: (to Stella) Her back hurts.
jerry: No, no.
jerry: Dad!
jerry: (in the microphone, but to Helen) I can't. Nobody's even listening.
jerry: (to himself) Oh God! (in the microphone) huh... Hey! How you folks doing tonight? (everybody in the crowd is talking over Jerry)
jerry: (still with his sunglasses) Have you ever noticed how they always give you the peanuts on the planes?
jerry: Who ever thought the first thing somebody wants on a plane is a peanut?
jerry: All I said was I liked the pen!
jerry: There must be some mistake.
jerry: (to Elaine) Well there's really no point in me staying. I mean you just gonna be...
jerry: Nothing.
jerry: Hi Evelyn.
jerry: Well today's almost over. And weekdays always go by fast. Friday we're leaving. It's like two days really. It's like a cup of coffee. It will go by like that. (snapping his fingers)
"jerry: Is Florida not hot and muggy enough for these people? They love heat. I mean if they ever decide to land men on the sun, I think these old retired guys would be the only ones that will be able to handle it. They'll just sit there on the sun, on the redwood benches, washcloth on the head going ""Close the door, you're letting all the heat off the sun. I'm trying to get a sweat going."""
jerry: So I'm on the plane, we left late. Pilot says we're going to be making up some time in the air. I thought, well isn't that interesting. We'll just make up time. That's why you have to reset your watch when you land. Of course, when they say they're making up time, obviously they're increasing the speed of the aircraft. Now, my question is if you can go faster, why don't you just go as fast as you can all the time? C'mon, there's no cops up here, nail it. Give it some gas! We're flying!
jerry: Is he on the plane now?
jerry: Uh, just my next door neighbor.
jerry: Howbout picking up their, you know. You find that enriching?
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: Huh? How you feeling?
jerry: Farfel?
jerry: The dog? The dog??
jerry: But, you know, what if, you know?
jerry: The dog?
jerry: Let go, Farfel! Let go, gimme that! Gimme the sneaker you stupid idiot! Shut up! (to Elaine) So what would you do?
jerry: Look at this place. He's going everywhere, I can't go out of the house at night. I haven't performed in three days. This'll be my first night out of the house since I got back.
jerry: Do I what?
jerry: Yes, I pick it up.
jerry: Well you have to.
jerry: SHUT UP!! Shut up Farfel, stop it! (to Elaine) I don't know what to do. I mean what if I take it to the pound then the guy shows up?
jerry: No, I tried. they don't know anything. (notices Elaine making egg creams) You gotta put the syrup in first.
jerry: I'm telling you the guy's a drunk, he's probably on a bender.
jerry: I don't know, they drink and they bend things at the bar.
jerry: Two hundred seats on a plane, I gotta wind up next to Yukon Jack and his dog Cujo. Shut up! One more day and you are pound bound!
jerry: Why?
jerry: You're breaking up?
jerry: I can't believe someone hasn't killed her yet.
jerry: Well you can't tell someone how you feel about their girlfriend until after they stop seeing them.
jerry: You. I'm talking about people.
jerry: No, I can't I gotta watch Farfel, you and George can go without me.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: What do you need me for?
jerry: No, I can't trust him, he gets insane. I won't enjoy myself. That's right, Farfel, I'm talking about you!
jerry: I can't go.
jerry: Because I have to watch idiot Farfel.
jerry: He's breaking up with his girlfriend tonight.
jerry: No, I don't want that smell in the house.
jerry: No, it's like BO and cologne, they combine forces into some kind of strange mutant funk.
jerry: Nah. You two go.
jerry: Go ahead.
jerry: I want to but I can't.
jerry: No.
jerry: Forget it. Go ahead, you'll have a good time.
jerry: Well, thank you very much. I'm telling you, one more day stinkbreath!
jerry: On my block, a lot of ah, people walk their dogs, and I always see them walking along with their little poop bags, which to me is just the lowest function of human life. If aliens are watching this through telescopes, they're gonna think the dogs are the leaders. If you see two life forms, one of them's making a poop, the other one's carrying it for him, who would you assume was in charge?
jerry: Bad dog! Bad dog! You go outside! Outside!! What do you want from me? Tell me! Money, you want money? I'll give you money, how much?!
jerry: That's right, Gavin Palone. What? Are you sure? He was released on Monday? *Last* Monday? Did he leave a phone number or address? Unbelievable. Well thank you, thanks, thanks very much. (Hangs up) That's it, Farfel! Party's over! Start packing up your little squeeze toys buddy boy, you're checking out!
jerry: Oh, one-on-one's a whole different game. Can't pass off.
jerry: Going to the dog pound, everybody! Going to the dog pound, come on down. (To Elaine) What?
jerry: What am I supposed to do? I don't want to do it. I like dogs. I'm not sure this is a dog.
jerry: I'm in the book and I have a machine.
jerry: Really? How late are they open?
jerry: What?
jerry: Yeah, I really think you guys are good together.
jerry: Well I was just trying to be supportive, you know. I knew you were upset.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: Kramer? What did we say that's so bad?
"jerry: I said, ""How come no one's killed her?"" Probably shouldn't have said anything,"
jerry: Well.
jerry: everyone knows the first break-up never takes. (answers buzzer) Yeah?
jerry: Okay, Farfel, put your shoes on.
jerry: It's not my dog, I don't know where this boozehound is.
jerry: I can't let you do that, what about Prognosis Negative?
jerry: Well, we'll go see something else tonight. We'll see, uh, Ponce De Leon.
jerry: She talked me into one more day. Talk amongst yourselves, I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
jerry: I don't know, regular human time?
jerry: Why shouldn't I go here?
jerry: Oh yeah, urinals are fun. Can I go?!
jerry: So what are calling me six times a day?
jerry: I could read the sports section if my hair was on fire.
jerry: It is? Oh yeah, you're right. What else is playing?
jerry: Boy, I know she really wants to see that with me.
jerry: I don't know what to do.
jerry: I know, I know.
jerry: It is kind of silly.
jerry: I mean, it's just a movie, for god's sake.
jerry: It's not like she's *in* the movie.
jerry: Am I supposed to ruin the whole night because she wants to see it? I mean, if I could have seen it with her, fine. But I can't control all these circumstances and schedules and peoples' availabilities at movies.
jerry: How does sitting next to a person in a movie theater increase the level of enjoyment? You can't talk during a movie. You know, this is stupid, c'mon, let's just go.
jerry: Saving movies.
jerry: Two for Prognosis Negative. I'm in big trouble.
jerry: You know it's interesting, because I called the hospital and they said you were released on Monday.
jerry: Oh, hi Ellen.
jerry: Listen, it's really been a pleasure taking care of your dog for a week, but if you don't mind...
jerry: Prediction. I never see you or him again for the rest of my life.
jerry: Why don't we just rent a movie?
jerry: No, it&Mac226;s, it's supposed to be really bad, *really* bad. I mean it's long, there's no story, it's so unbelievably boring, I heard. i...
jerry: Well, George told me the whole story, line for line, I mean I almost feel like I've seen it already and walked out on it.
jerry: You and George got together?
jerry: Hello.
jerry: What's up?
jerry: About what?
jerry: Too bad.
jerry: Prognosis Negative.
jerry: It's not.
jerry: I have an instinct for these things.
"jerry: I had a parakeet when I was a kid, that was the only pet that I really enjoyed. We used to let him out of his cage, and he would fly around and my mother had built, one entire wall of our living room was mirrored. She felt this gives you a feeling of space. Have you ever heard this interior design principle that a mirror makes it seem like you have an entire other room? What kind of a jerk walks up to a mirror and goes, ""Hey look, there's a whole nother room in there. There's a guy in there looks just like me."" But the parakeet will fall for this, you'll let him out of his cage, he flies around the room, BANG! With his little head, he would just go 'click' Ohh! And I'd always think, even if he thinks the mirror is another room, why doesn't he at least try to avoid hitting the other parakeet?"
jerry: Does it seem to you that the ventriloquist dummy has a very active sexual social life? he's always talking about dates and women that he knows and bringing them back to the suitcase at night, there's always a sawdust joke in there somewhere you know, kinky things cuz he's made out of wood an' he can spin his head around, we're somehow expected to believe because the face is soo animated that they think we aren't noticing that the feet are just swinging there, dummy feet never look right do they? they're just kinda dangling there, always kinda askew you know? you always see just little ankle, those thin fabric ankles that they have you know. Ya think 'I don't think this thing is real.'
jerry: Let me speak with the head librarian. ... Because it's absurd. An overdue book from 1971? ... This is a joke right? What are you? From a radio station?
jerry: Ya' got me I fell for it. Alright, OK I can be down there in like a half hour. Bye.
jerry: This you're not goin' to believe. The NYPL says that I took out Tropic of Cancer in 1971 and never returned it.
jerry: It doesn't work like that.
jerry: It's not going to be anything. I returned the book. I remember it very vividly because I was with Sherry Becker. She wore this orange dress. It was the first time I ever saw her in a dress like that. In oticed since ninth grade she was developing this body in secret under these loose clothes for like two years. And then one day ...
jerry: That orange dress is burned in my memory
jerry: I wonder what ever happened to her.
jerry: Oh, computers, they're cracking down now on overdue books. The whole thing is completely ridiculous.
jerry: It's George. Wait 'til he hears we're going to the library
jerry: (to speaker) Coming down.
jerry: I gotta go to the library. You want to go?
jerry: Where's George
jerry: I kinda like those sticks. I'd like to get them in my house.
jerry: This woman's completely ignoring me.
jerry: Eventually a little shot of penicillin
jerry: Yeah I called before. I got his notice in the mail.
jerry: Can I speak with this Bookman?
jerry: What?
jerry: Who?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: (whispers) Haymen, Are you sure?
jerry: George got him fired. He squealed on him.
jerry: Oh, he sang like a canary.
jerry: Not here? Why was I told to come down here?
jerry: Well what am I supposed to do now?
jerry: All right Thanks. Come on lets go
jerry: So they forgot to get your lunch. Big deal!
jerry: I remember he made you wear a jock on your head for a whole class. And the straps were hangin' down by his ,...
jerry: I had him for Hygene. Remember his teeth. It was like from an exhumed corpse.
jerry: Echh
jerry: He got fired the next day.
jerry: They also have an atomic wedgie. Now the goal there is to actually get the waistband on top of the head. Very rare.
jerry: Well what do girls do ?
jerry: What's amazing to me about the library is it's a place where you go in you can take out any book you whant they just give it to you and say bring it back when you're done. It reminds me of like this pathetic friend that everbody had when they were a little kid who would let you borrow any of his stuff if you would just be his friend. That's what the library is. A government funded pathetic friend. And that's why everybody kinds of bullies the library. I'll bring it back on time ... I'll bring it back late. ... Oh, what are you going to do? Charge me a nickel?
jerry: Oh, I'm glad you're here, so we can get this all straightened out. Would you like a cup of tea?
jerry: Coffee?
jerry: No, I don't drink coffee.
jerry: No, I don't have--
jerry: Well, I don't normally--
jerry: I don't.
jerry: Really? I'll have to remember that.
jerry: Yes, and I returned it in 1971.
jerry: Look, Mr. Bookman. I--I returned that book. I remember it very specifically.
jerry: I try.
jerry: No, I don't.
jerry: Certainly not.
jerry: No way I'm payin' that! I returned that book in 1971. I have a witness Sherry Becker. She wore an orange dress. She gave me a piece of black jack gum. It's a licorice gum. What do ya' think of next I remember it. (thinks out loud, opens phone book) Becker, ... Becker, ...
jerry: So Sherry, what do you remember about that day at the library?
jerry: Purple? Ya' sure it wasn't orange?
jerry: No Black Jack?
jerry: Tropic of Cancer.
jerry: Tropic of Capricorn?
jerry: Wait a second. Wait a second. You're right. I had both of them.
jerry: George, here's the book. Don't let anybody see it. Don't let anything happen to it.
jerry: Ok, I'll see you after school. I.m late for Hayman's hygiene.
jerry: It was nice seeing you again. I just remembered something. I've got to go. (to old man that enters) It was GEORGE!
jerry: Maybe you're getting' a raise.
jerry: Wait 'til I tell him about the book.
jerry: I'm right here.
jerry: Columbus, Euro trash.
jerry: That was double overtime.
jerry: So Georgie Boy, guess what happened to TROPIC OF CANCER
jerry: Because I gave it to you.
jerry: Yeah, think. Don't you remember you kept begging me to see it then finally I agreed. You were supposed to return it. I met you in the gym locker room.
jerry: Here's the book. Don't let anybody see it. Don't let anything happen to it.
jerry: All right, I'll see you after school. I,,m late for Hayman's hygiene.
jerry: Anyway, I hope there's no hard feelings.
jerry: What is your problem?
jerry: (after Bookman exits) That is one tough monkey! (turns to Elaine) So you were saying?
jerry: Oh, beautiful did he like them?
jerry: (to George) Was he out there?
jerry: I guess we'll never know.
"jerry: Any day that you had gym it was a weird school day, you know what I mean because it kind of like started of kind of normal. You have like English, Geometry, Social Studies and then suddenly you're like in Lord of The Flies for 40 minutes you know you're hangin' from a rope. You have hardly any clothes on. Teachers are yellin' at ya' ""Where's your jock strap?"" Ya' know and kids are throwin' dodge balls at you. You're tryin' to survive ... Then its History, Science, Language. There's something off in the entire flow of that day."
jerry: Why do I always have the feeling that everybody's doing something better than me on Saturday afternoons?
jerry: No they don't. They're out on some big picnic. They're cooking burgers. They're making out on blankets. They're not at some mall in Jersey watching their friends trying to find the world's cheapest air-conditioner.
jerry: Big accomplishment.
jerry: Five o'clock.
jerry: You're not late.
jerry: Of course we'll hit traffic. It's rush hour.
jerry: There is no other way in New York. Everybody goes every way all the time.
jerry: You got the picnic and burger traffic.
jerry: I have to go to the bathroom. Why do they hide the bathroom in these malls?
jerry: (CONT'D) You want me to help you with that?
jerry: (TO GEORGE, REWOMAN) What do you think, Georgie boy?
jerry: I thought it was green. I remember seeing green.
jerry: It's over there. I know where it is.
jerry: There it is!...No, no that's a Toyota.
jerry: (CONT'D) Hmmm...I thought it was...
jerry: I thought it was over there.
jerry: I really have to go to the bathroom.
jerry: I'll wait.
jerry: Alright.
jerry: Maybe I should just go anytime I get the urge like you...wherever I am. There's too much urinary freedom in this society. I'm proud to hold it in. It builds character.
jerry: (TO KRAMER, REBOX) Will you let me help you with that?
jerry: You're not worried somebody's gonna pee on it?
"jerry: Parents never forget a foul-up. I once left a jacket on the bus when I was fourteen. Last week I'm flying to Chicago to do a show, ""Make sure you hang on to your jacket."""
jerry: Maybe it's not on this level.
jerry: There are four different levels. Maybe we're on the wrong level. How long was the escalator ride up?
jerry: You should always carry a pad and pen.
"jerry: Where was the bathroom in this mall? There are six-hundred stores, I didn't see one bathroom. What is this, like a joke? They finished building the mall and they go, ""Oh my god, we forgot the bathrooms."""
jerry: All right, that's it. From now on no more calling out they found it, unless we're sitting in it. Okay?
jerry: His eyes look a little cloudy.
jerry: Who's got the tickets? GEORGE I do. (TO KRAMER) I thought you knew this mall. You said you'd been here before!
jerry: No one's going to do that.
jerry: Those are really ugly sneakers. Where did you get those?
jerry: It's amazing how shopping makes me have to go. All I have to do is walk into a department store and it's like some kind of horse laxative just kicked in.
jerry: I know.
jerry: No I can't.
jerry: You think I'm too cautious?
jerry: Organic. So's Buddy Hackett.
jerry: He's a comedian.
jerry: All right. All right.
jerry: I can manage.
jerry: Okay, okay. I'll be right back.
jerry: But...
jerry: (STARTS TO LEAVE, TO HIMSELF) ...Kramer
jerry: I've had this condition since I was eleven! I've been in and out of hospitals my whole life. I have no control over it. Doctors have told me that when I feel it, the best thing to do is just release it. Otherwise, I could die.
jerry: Do you hear what I'm saying to you?! I'm telling you that if I don't go, I could die. Die. Is it worth dying for?
jerry: So you don't care if I die.
jerry: It was life and death.
jerry: Oh I'm lying. Why would I do it unless I was in mortal danger? I know it's against the law.
jerry: Because I could get Uromysitisis poisoning and die. That's why!...Do you think I enjoy living like this?...the shame, the humiliation...You know I have been issued a public urination pass by the city because of my condition. Unfortunately my little brother ran out of the house with it this morning.
jerry: (C0NT'D) Him and his friends are probably peeing all over the place. You want to call the Department of Social Services? Oh, it's Saturday. They're closed today. My luck.
jerry: First of all you don't even know technically that I went. That's for starters. I mean I could've been pouring a bottle of water out there. You don't know.
jerry: Oh really, do you? Well it just so happens that I did pour water out. I had a bottle of very tepid water and I poured it out. And I could see how you made a mistake, because pouring water out sounds very much like a person urinating.
jerry: (CONT'D) And you know when you think about it it's really quite an amusing case of mistaken identity. That's all it is.
jerry: You know this is not the first time this has happened to me. I always carry water because of my condition. It dehydrates me. It's a vicious cycle.
jerry: (A NEW TACK) All right, all right. I want to apologize. I was frightened, I said crazy things. I obviously offended you. I insulted your intelligence. The uromysitisis, the water bottle...I made it all up, and now...I'm going to tell you the truth. Today my father and mother are celebrating their fiftieth, well I'm jumping ahead here, their forty-seventh wedding anniversary. We made arrangements to spend the evening together. They are supposed to be in front of my building at six-fifteen.
jerry: (CONT'D) What I haven't told you, or anyone else for that matter, is that my father's been in a Red Chinese prison for the past fourteen years.
jerry: (TO GEORGE) Was he also in a Red Chinese prison?
jerry: Well what happened was my father was staying in the home of one of Red China's great military leaders, General Chang, who by the way came up with the recipe for General Chang's chicken. You know, the one with the red peppers and orange peel at Szechwan Gardens? GEORGE Sure, I have it all the time. Very spicy.
jerry: Well General Chang was a very flamboyant man. A complete failure as a general, but a helluva cook.
jerry: I was arrested for urinating.
jerry: I have uromysitisis. It's very serious you know.
jerry: No, but he's not looking good... (ELAINE TURNS TO TWO HUGE BODY BUILDERS IN WORKOUT WEAR)
jerry: Hey, where's Kramer?
jerry: Where's Kramer?
jerry: Hey George, there she is again. ...
jerry: Ask her to drive us around. There's your opening.
jerry: Filthy pigs.
jerry: Jerry.
jerry: Boy, those Scientologists. They can be pretty sensitive.
jerry: The car!
jerry: Kramer!
jerry: Kramer.
jerry: Yeah, over here.
jerry: This is amazing, I haven't seen one person go in to that restaurant since it opened. Poor guy.
jerry: What's that smell? What are you wearing?
jerry: Manly.
jerry: So why didn't you say no?
jerry: Look at this poor guy. His family is probably in Pakistan -- they're waiting him to send back money. This is horrible.
jerry: That's because you're stupid enough to wear the cologne.
jerry: I've never been a guinea pig. I've been a sheep, a tody.
jerry: All right, I'm sorry. Go ahead, you're taking the IQ test.
jerry: Who thinks you're smart?
jerry: What thing?
jerry: Oh, Oh, the IQ thing...yeah.
jerry: What'd ya get?
jerry: What do you say?
jerry: 1409, that's a good score.
jerry: What did you really get?
jerry: Of course.
jerry: I hope so.
jerry: He's serving Mexican, Italian, Chinese. He's all over the place. That's why no one's going in.
jerry: I don't know, I'm obsessed with it. It's like a spider in the toilet struggling for survival. And even though ya know he's not going to make it, y-y-you kind of root for him for a second.
jerry: Well, it's a spider.
jerry: Bazooka Joe.
jerry: The buzzer.
jerry: My house? You gotta be on the lease to press to buzzer. Yeah? (to the intercom)
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: What's that?
jerry: Come on, Go in, go in! [watching Dream Cafe with binoculars again]
jerry: No, I'm afraid we'll start talking, and I'll gonna wind up going partners with him.
jerry: You know, I could probably shoot him from here. I'd be doing us both a favor.
jerry: Casus belli.
jerry: Hey, how'd you do on that IQ test?
jerry: Oh, it's nothing...
jerry: Why must you always be the focal point of attention? Why can't you just be? (Elaine laughs - hu) Why can't you live?
jerry: This woman he's dating is making him take this IQ test for this course.
jerry: No see, he's not smart. People think he's smart, but he's not.
jerry: You know, I don't even know my IQ.
jerry: Get out of here!
jerry: You get out of here!
jerry: Boy that'd be something, cheating on a IQ test.
jerry: Hey, remember in college when you passed Lettick the test out the window? You became a legend after that. (stepping over Elaine then George's legs to get to the large blue chair and sits down.)
jerry: Take it to Dream Cafe, you won't hear a peep.
jerry: Hey, I love a good caper.
jerry: Well, ah, I've been looking forward to it.
jerry: Eh, people, people are talking.
jerry: Ah, non-smoking would be great.
jerry: Thank you. [Throws the towel around like a hot potato.]
jerry: Well, ah w-what do you recommend my good fellow?
jerry: Well then the turkey it'll be. And may I say you have a splendid establishment here, my friend. I'm sure you flourish at this location for many, many years.
jerry: (thinks) Very kind. I am a kind man. Who else would do something like this? Nobody. Nobody thinks about people the way I do. All right, snap out of it you stupid jerk. You're eating a turkey sandwich. What do want, a Nobel Prize?
jerry: Thank you Babu. You have quite a flair. You are quite the restaurateur I must say.
jerry: Oh, please...
jerry: Eat something! Babu...
jerry: Oh wow, so you got the test. You're cheating.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: So?
jerry: Why not?
jerry: Statute.
jerry: Statute of limitations. It's not a statue.
jerry: Fine, it's a sculpture of limitations.
jerry: Oh my God.
jerry: Go ahead, I'll take care of it.
jerry: It's all right, she was cheating anyway.
jerry: Babu, you're Pakistani, right?
jerry: Babu, may I say something?
jerry: I am not a restaurateur by any means, but it occurred to me that perhaps you might serve some dishes from your native Pakistan? As opposed to say t-the franks and beans for example.
jerry: Doesn't matter. You would have the only authentic Pakistani restaurant in the whole neighborhood.
jerry: Well, you know; not everything. I do what I can.
jerry: The average person in a situation like this, they walk right by it. Not me.
jerry: Of course, I always do.
jerry: Hey Georgie!
jerry: How'd you do on the IQ test?!
jerry: What?!!
jerry: Well, well, well...
jerry: Well, I'm no genius but, according to my calculations he should be here in a few seconds.
jerry: Well, maybe the test was gender bias, you know a lot of questions on hunting and testicles...
jerry: But an 85?
jerry: Take it here, I'll leave, there'll be no distractions.
jerry: Well, congratulations my friend. You know, I'm sorry I missed the grand re-opening. I was out of town for about a week.
jerry: I think it's fantastic. Has a certain indefinable charm.
jerry: Let me tell you something Babu. You go back in that kitchen -- tell your chef I want the works.
jerry: Babu? Babu...[waves Babu to come to table] Babu...you know, I got to tell you, I never do this, but the shrimp, it's just, it's a little stringy. You have any chicken?
jerry: Well, maybe your refrigerator...
jerry: No I...
jerry: Well I...
jerry: You know, I think I'll just take the check.
jerry: (thinking) Bad man? Could've my mother been wrong?
jerry: You know what it was, bad location.
jerry: Aren't you cold? Where's your jacket?
jerry: Oh, sorry.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: 151?
jerry: So, what are you up for? How about Mexican?
jerry: You know, what would be great?
"jerry: ....hair that was on your shower soap today could be in your head tomorrow. How did they do the first transplant? Did they have the guy take a shower , get his soap , rush it in there by helicopter, you know keep the soap alive on the soap support system ....looks it over. ""We got the hair but I think we lost the Zest."" ....rejects the transplant with organs. Is it possible that a head could reject the hair transplant . Guy just standin' there and suddenly... ..Bink! ( motions hair flying out of his head)........lands in someone's frozen yogurt."
jerry: Ah..ha!.. really. ( Jerry is barely listening to him )
jerry: Oh! well whatever you have to do.
jerry: (sarcastically) No you don't..
jerry: My show from last night.
jerry: Yeah , I was doing new material.
jerry: Huh?
"jerry: The"" coup d-toe"""
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Nothin'.....nothing at all.
jerry: Who you calling?
jerry: China really?
jerry: What for?
jerry: Hair?
jerry: Done what?
jerry: (to Kramer) What's this?
jerry: Doesn't the fat fetish conflict with the minimalism.
jerry: Oh! my God!....
jerry: Oh! God.. Oh! man.....Oh! brother!!! I can't believe what I'm hearing. This woman his talking to me on my tape recorder while I was on stage. This is wild. I've never heard anything like this in my life. Listen to this.
jerry: I don't know . I have no idea . I was just listening and she came on.
jerry: It was in the back of the room on the left, she must have been sitting right in front of it.
jerry: Good question.
jerry: If it was real ,they would never let it out of the country. No baldness , it'd be like a nation of Supermen.
jerry: Tell her. I wanna hear her reaction.
jerry: (pushes George) NOT THAT YOU IDIOT!!
jerry: The Chinese , the Chinese bald cure.
jerry: No I meant the bald cure. We were talking about the bald cure.
jerry: Hey! Is that Peter? ...I can't believe it. Get me a cup of Decaf. (leaves table)
jerry: Remember Peter?
jerry: You remember Peter. remember I told you how he went to the track that one time and he was yelling at this jockey and the jockey got off the horse and started chasin' him.
jerry: Oh Elaine....What do you think an enraptured female fan of mine might say?
jerry: She went on in some detail about certain activities, illegal in some states, for consenting adults. Things you would know very little about.
jerry: Well this type of things is very common when you're in show business.
jerry: No I can't she didn't leave her name or number.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: I don't get it. Why would a woman do that and then leave no way to get in touch with her.
jerry: Why are you doing this?
jerry: Elaine have you ever gone out with a bald man?
jerry: You know what that makes you?...A baldist.
jerry: Well yes I did that's true. A couple of a guys I knew in the coastguard told me about her.... and I sensed that she had the anger and intensity that I needed to make this film work.
jerry: (as Ping rambles on ) ...S'cuse me (Ping looks up) Kind of an expensive call.
jerry: ..She was sitting at the table where I had my tape recorder...Okay great. Thanks again.. bye. HA Ha..Who do these women think they're dealing with? Did she think she was gonna leave this incredibly erotic message on my tape and I was just gonna let it go. Not Bloody likely...
jerry: That's my cockney accent.
jerry: Lets hear yours.
jerry: That's the worst cockney accent I've ever heard in my life.( George enters) Hey! Georgie boy , guess what I got.
jerry: Oh! Is that the bald stuff?
jerry: Yes I am skeptical.
jerry: Make sure you get this area here, where he needs the help....
jerry: Happy camper , I don't hear that expression enough.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: No kidding?
jerry: What happened to the jacket. Did he take it with him?
jerry: You can see it. You gonna walk around like that?
jerry: How long are you suppose to leave it on for?
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Well Hello..
jerry: Yes , I got her number.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well , as I said this type of thing is very common in show business
jerry: What? I dunno.
jerry: I don't know , Who keeps track of Hellos.
jerry: She's coming up.
jerry: Yeah. What's wrong, why? ( George runs back to the bathroom)
jerry: I would say every two and a half to eight weeks.
jerry: The big toe; The captain.
jerry: The captain of the toes. (phone rings) Hello.
jerry: Okay....too bad.
jerry: Soon as I get off the phone wih you.
jerry: okay , bye (to George) What happened , did you take it off?
jerry: That's it, you gave up?
jerry: That was Elaine , she changed her mind. She's not coming over.
jerry: Hello is this Alicia? .This is Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: This is Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: (to Kramer) ...( words missing)...laugh , everything's nice and at the end of the night I go for a little contact. I get the PULL BACK. This woman said the filthiest things I've ever heard in my life. I get the Pull Back.
jerry: Yeah..
jerry: Come on up . (looks at his watch) ...What's he doing here now?
jerry: She must be psychotic or something.
jerry: I'm not giving you her number.
jerry: Sheriff?........What's with the hat?
jerry: What are doing here now?
jerry: What's up?
jerry: So just start it.
jerry: Oh! Come om . He'll be over there for a half hour, he gets lost over there. C'mon so what is this about?
jerry: Kramer, let's do this later.
jerry: Kramer. I would like to talk to George for a minute, please.
jerry: It's kinda private.
jerry: I'M NOT DOING YOUR BITS!!
jerry: Does she know?
jerry: How did it happen?
jerry: Well, why can't you say it?
jerry: I thought you just said she doesn't know??
jerry: So how can you promise her?
jerry: What is this, an Abbott and Costello routine?
jerry: What, Elaine?
jerry: (picks up the headphones) That was Elaine...
jerry: Wait a second. .Just give me a second
jerry: She's my ex-girlfriend I think I have precedence
jerry: Yeaaaah!!!
jerry: Okay, Okay, I promise. (puts on the headphones again) Wow!!! Oh Man...Oh God.. Oh Brother....Whoooaaaa!! Whoaaaa (Elaine enters he takes them off rapidly)
jerry: Oooh! I got a pain in my side.
jerry: What are you doing here?
jerry: I know, George told me.
jerry: Where did you come up with all that stuff?
jerry: George NO!!
jerry: George I'm telling ya..
jerry: Aye......
jerry: It's early.
jerry: I met her on an elevator.
jerry: Impossible, right?
jerry: I don't know. She was so beautiful, it was like a pure reflex. The words just came out of my mouth.
jerry: You know, I'm the one responsible for those crop circles in England.
jerry: Can you believe I did that?
jerry: Not a good sign.
jerry: You got something in your teeth there.
jerry: It's green.
jerry: Did you bump into anybody you knew?
jerry: How'd it go?
jerry: What do you need a job, you got Audrey.
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: What?
jerry: Too late for that.
jerry: Yeah, she's got a big nose.
jerry: It's a schnoz.
jerry: A little.
jerry: Stop being so concerned with looks.
jerry: Have you said anything to her about it?
jerry: Alright, shut up, here they come.
jerry: Well, it might not be hell but you're gonna run into some bad dudes.
jerry: We have time.
jerry: It is exciting.
jerry: Please, please, Isabel? She is the most despicable woman I have ever met in my life. I have never been so repulsed by someone mentally and so attracted to them physically at the same time. It's like my brain is facing my penis in a chess game. And I'm letting him win.
jerry: Then what?
jerry: She wants to be an actress. She makes me read these moronic acting scenes with her, and I do it because I'm so addicted to the sex, I'm helpless, I'll do anything. So finally Kramer comes in the other day.
jerry: (holding up a piece of paper) I don't want to see this woman anymore but I haven't got the will power to throw out her number. Please, help me. Help me.
jerry: So I'm never gonna see her again, I'm going cold turkey.
jerry: I'll tell you, the sex... I mean, I was like an animal. I mean it was just completely uninhibited.
jerry: It's not like that at all.
jerry: Alright, are we ready? Come on, let's get this show on the road.
jerry: Shouldn't a doctor do it?
jerry: Great job.
jerry: Let's put him over here.
jerry: Come on, Kramer, seriously, give me her number!
jerry: You're lying! You got it, I want that number!
jerry: Give it to me!
jerry: Well, I changed my mind, I want that number.
jerry: I was lying, give it to me!
jerry: I want that number!
jerry: I'm Nelson!
jerry: Alright, alright, I'm sorry. (reading) Nothing's changed, Alma, I just need more time.
jerry: Well, you just need to relax. Maybe a hobby, bowling is fun.
jerry: (to himself Uh oh. My organs are playing chess again.
jerry: Isabel, uh, I don't think this is working.
jerry: So I assume the jig was up.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: How did you get fleas?
jerry: Maybe you can get yourself a little bowtie flea collar.
"jerry: I'd go, but Long Island, it's so far out, it smacks of desperation. The whole party, everyone's gonna be saying to me, ""You came all the way out from Manhattan for this?"""
jerry: Who?
jerry: Nah.
jerry: Oh, well, now you're talking.
jerry: What does that mean, good dip?
jerry: There's girls everywhere. I go out of my apartment, there's girls in the elevator. They're in cafeterias, subways, so what?
jerry: Got it.
jerry: I got isobutane-20.
jerry: You got sorbitant sesquioliate?
jerry: I have aloe!
jerry: Where do they make yours?
jerry: White Plains.
jerry: Girls. There's girls right here in the store. Look, look, there's one over there. Look, there's another one. Soon as I walk outside there'll be girls out there. What's the matter?
jerry: Are you sure? Oh boy, here we go.
jerry: No, let's survey first. Camp here.
jerry: What could possess anyone to throw a party? I mean, to have a bunch of strangers treat your house like a hotel room.
jerry: Yeah, this has got disaster written all over it.
jerry: Now listen, let's keep an eye on each other tonight. In case one of us gets in a bad conversation, we should have a signal that you're in trouble so the other one can get us out of it.
jerry: Thirty-six. What's the signal? Howbout this? Chicken wing? No, no, no, I got a better one. Head patting.
jerry: Yeah, yeah I did.
jerry: (Patting his head I'm a comedian.
jerry: (still Patting) I hear a voice.
jerry: A man's voice, but he speaks in German so I have to get a translator.
jerry: It's a nervous tic. I'm on L-Dopa.
jerry: Great, how about you?
jerry: How do you account for this?
jerry: Well, she obviously liked you all along.
jerry: Anyway, I'm ready to go.
jerry: If not now, when?
jerry: Okay, half-hour.
jerry: (interrupting) Can I talk to you for a second?
jerry: Hey, I was dying over there.
jerry: Right.
jerry: You ready?
jerry: I do favors.
jerry: What?
jerry: Wow.
jerry: Go! What could you do?
jerry: We'll get a ride.
jerry: We'll be fine, what did she say?
jerry: What? She said that?
jerry: Get out of here.
jerry: What did you say?
jerry: What did you say?
jerry: What?
jerry: I long for you?
jerry: It's okay, that's not bad.
jerry: Really?
jerry: Oh, come on.
jerry: George, you're thinking too much.
jerry: (walking up) Pendant? Those bastards.
jerry: Listen, George is going home with this Ava from his office
jerry: Uh, no, he's taking the car.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Maybe Kramer can come pick us up.
jerry: There's nothing I could do, it's part of the code.
jerry: Yeah, yeah, alright.
jerry: Just don't make a scene.
jerry: Oh boy.
jerry: Here we go.
jerry: You're beautiful.
jerry: Alright. (Approaches host) Excuse me, this is your party, right?
jerry: Can I use your phone?
jerry: A bigger bill?
jerry: Krame? Sein. What are you doing? Well, I'm stuck out here on Long Island. What are your thoughts about taking a ride? You sure? Okay, but don't leave me hanging here. Okay, great. Let me give you directions.
jerry: I'm sure he'll be here any minute.
jerry: I called, what should I do? (To Jenny) We really appreciate this.
jerry: (noticing a coffee table book) Oh, you got the Civil War book. I saw some of that show, it was wonderful.
jerry: Thousand.
jerry: Yes. (To Jenny) You're sure there's nothing we can do?
jerry: You know a friend of my father's used to live right around here. Mike Wichter. He sold plastic straws. You know the ones? You could bend them.
jerry: Oh, he's coming.
jerry: That's him.
jerry: Thanks, great party.
jerry: Hey, it's okay.
jerry: Anyway, thanks a lot for letting us stay here, Steve, I really owe you one.
jerry: And if you're ever in the city, you know, you want to come to a comedy club, whatever.
jerry: (writing) Here's my address and number. And really, thanks again.
jerry: George, I've been sick all week. Elaine was too. Eighty miles an hour, forty degree temperature for fifty minutes. Do the math. Yeah, maybe I will get out. Hey, let me just stop off at the drug store first. Okay, meet me down there in fifteen minutes then we'll go do something. Yeah, Selwyn's. Okay bye.
jerry: Who is it?
jerry: Who?
jerry: Do I know you?
jerry: I'm sorry, uh-
jerry: Oh, okay.
jerry: You certainly are. What's going on?
jerry: Listen, I'm really sorry but I'm just on my way out to meet a friend.
jerry: No, really, I just got off the phone with him.
jerry: Look, you can hang out here if you want.
jerry: No, it's-
jerry: No, of course not, just close the door when you leave.
jerry: Really, I'm sorry. Maybe another time.
jerry: They guy's in my house right now. What a mistake that party was, I never should have gone.
jerry: Oh, come on.
jerry: I've never had a job.
jerry: That's one of Dante's nine stages of hell, isn't it?
jerry: What are you gonna do?
jerry: Alright, I'm gonna get this. This looks good.
jerry: Nine sixty.
jerry: Why?
jerry: What do you mean, you got it?
jerry: Since when are you treating me to medicine? What are you doing? You're stealing this, aren't you?
jerry: You're a lunatic.
jerry: What do you say to a person like you?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Can I still buy this or is this evidence now?
jerry: What the hell?
jerry: Nice to meet you.
jerry: What the hell is going on here?
jerry: Oh, Kramer huh?
jerry: Patti?
jerry: Alright, how much does he owe you?
jerry: (taking out his wallet and handing over bills grudgingly) Fifty dollars.
jerry: Yeah, but--
jerry: Wait a second, I--
jerry: He was a nice guy.
jerry: Was there a red-headed guy there?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, I know. There's no call for that kind of attitude.
jerry: Oh, we all hated him.
jerry: Do you believe this? The car was parked right out front.
jerry: I don't know, I guess it was on. I don't know my alarm sound; I'm not tuned in to it like it's my son.
jerry: They cross the wires or something.
jerry: They stole my car.
jerry: They did.
jerry: What should I do, should I call the police?
jerry: I'd better call the car phone company, cancel my service.
jerry: Yeah, he's probably driving it right now.
jerry: Are you serious?
jerry: I don't even know if I remember the number.
jerry: What do I say if he picks up?
jerry: Hello? Is this 555-8383?
jerry: Can I ask you a question?
jerry: Did you steal my car?
jerry: You did?!
jerry: That's my car!
jerry: What are you gonna do with it?
jerry: Then can I have it back?
jerry: (derisively at Kramer) Gloves. (Into the phone) Hello?
jerry: Yeah, let me ask you a question. How do you cross those wires?
jerry: Sid left the keys in the car. Alright, I gotta go. Drive carefully.
jerry: Sid left the keys in the car.
jerry: He's this guy in the neighborhood, parks cars on the block.
jerry: He moves them from one side of the street to the other so you don't get a ticket.
jerry: Yeah, like fifty bucks a month.
jerry: The whole block, forty, fifty cars.
jerry: Hey Sid, what happened?
jerry: You left the keys in the car?
jerry: Yeah, but no car. I'll have to rent one.
jerry: This Wednesday?
jerry: But the Wednesday two days from now is the next Wednesday.
jerry: Hello? Yeah, the defroster's the one on the bottom, just slide it all the way over. You're welcome.
jerry: Owen March, I never heard of him.
jerry: Yeah, that's true. Well it sounds like it's going pretty good.
jerry: What's that?
jerry: Seinfeld. I made a reservation for a mid-size, and she's a small. I'm kidding around, of course.
jerry: Sixty-six years old?
jerry: Why do people always say that? I hate everyone, why would I like him?
jerry: Well, I'll tell you, she would have to be really vibrant. So vibrant, she'd be spinning.
jerry: I don't understand, I made a reservation, do you have my reservation?
jerry: But the reservation keeps the car here. That's why you have the reservation.
jerry: I don't think you do. If you did, I'd have a car. See, you know how to take the reservation, you just don't know how to *hold* the reservation and that's really the most important part of the reservation, the holding. Anybody can just take them.
jerry: Uh, here we go. The supervisor. You know what she's saying over there?
jerry: Hey Marge, you see those two people over there? They think I'm talking to you, so you pretend like you're talking to me, okay now you start talking.
jerry: Now you say something else and they won't yell at me 'cause they thought I was checking with you.
jerry: Yeah, it looked as if you were in a real conversation over there.
jerry: Fine.
jerry: Yeah, you better give me the insurance, because I am gonna beat the hell out of this car.
jerry: Hey, if you enjoy being with him, that's what's important.
jerry: Well that's what's important.
jerry: How many times you been out with him?
jerry: Face to face.
jerry: If it was six I could have let you go, but seven, I'm afraid, is over the limit. Unless, of course, there was no sex.
jerry: What is going on out there?
jerry: So then what?
jerry: That's great!
jerry: You mean *a* career.
"jerry: No. ""These pretzels are making me thirsty."""
jerry: Oh my god.
jerry: Boy, he took it hard.
jerry: (on the phone) Hello? Yes, I need an ambulance at one twenty nine west Eighty-first Street, apartment five-A.
jerry: (To Elaine) It's an ambulance. (To the operator) I don't know but he's unconscious.
jerry: Kramer.
jerry: Shouldn't you do something with the extremities?
jerry: You raise the feet, get blood to the head.
jerry: I don't have a washcloth.
jerry: You can't put a paper towel on his head.
jerry: How you gonna hold it on there?
jerry: Should we walk him around?
jerry: No, no that's for a drug overdose.
jerry: Hey, you know what? Maybe he's a diabetic, he might just need a cookie or something.
jerry: We'll move his teeth, it happened to my uncle, the sugar revived him.
jerry: Cookies don't liquefy.
jerry: What blender? I don't have a blender.
jerry: I would know if I had a blender.
jerry: (on phone) Hello, yes, I called for an ambulance like thirty-five minutes ago.
jerry: This is an emergency, what's taking so long? (the door buzzer buzzes) Wait a second, maybe that's them. (presses button) Hello?
jerry: Come on up. Okay, they're here.
jerry: Ya know, I gotta tell you, he's a pretty good-looking guy.
jerry: Those eyebrows could use a trimming, you ever mention that to him?
jerry: Hey, look at this, c'mon, running wild there.
jerry: Yeah, that's true.
jerry: Yeah? Does he wear slippers? I bet he wears slippers.
jerry: I could tell.
jerry: Blue Escort? That's my rent-a-car!
jerry: What happened to the car?
jerry: We don't know!
jerry: So how'd you hit the car?
jerry: It's not even my car, it's a rental.
jerry: Can I get anybody anything?
jerry: Interestingly enough, no, inasmuch as it is my paper.
jerry: (reading) Owen March, prominent author and essayist suffered a stroke yesterday in the upper West Side apartment of a friend.
jerry: (continuing) The extent of the damage would have been far less severe had paramedics been able to reach him sooner.
jerry: (finishing) The commotion also delayed production of a Woody Allen movie that was shooting up the block. A spokeswoman for the legendary filmmaker said that Mr. Allen was extremely agitated and wondered if his days of shooting movies in New York were over.
jerry: Can he communicate?
jerry: Alright, she's free. (Steps up to the counter) Hi, I called before, uh, my car got smashed.
jerry: What community? There's a community?
jerry: All these years I'm living in a community, I had no idea.
jerry: Hmm, well, I got the insurance and everything so...
jerry: That is right, somebody else was driving.
jerry: Uh huh, what's that?
jerry: Other drivers?
jerry: Your whole business is based on other drivers. It's a rented car. That's who's driving it, other drivers. Doesn't my credit card cover me or something?
jerry: Well I got a hundred cards, here, pick a card, take a card, any card you want, go ahead, whichever one, I don't care.
jerry: Did you see the size of that document? It's like the Declaration of Independence, who's gonna read that?
jerry: These pretzels are making me thirsty.
jerry: An overdose of odor? Good question.
jerry: Ahh.
jerry: Let me get that.
jerry: Please.
jerry: (sarcastically) Yeah, a cup of coffee should cover it.
jerry: What are you doing here?
jerry: Aw, wait a--. Oh. Oh, for crying out loud.
"jerry: I'm sorry it's gotta be a little bit of a scary place to work. I don't know how you feel about it. You want to be standing there having people comming in all day going ""I need knives. I need more knives. Do you have any bigger knives? I'd like a bigger knife, a big, long, sharp knife, that's what I'm in the market for. I like them really sharp. Do you have one with hooks and gouges like blades and kind of serrated? That's the kind of knife I'm looking for. I need one I can throw. I need another one I can just hack away with. Do you have anything like that?"
jerry: Oh yeah, like you know what you're talking about.
jerry: Well what do you think? They put the statue on a giant raft and a tugboat pulled it all the way from France?
jerry: I don't know. It's too early for a Christmas party isn't it?
jerry: It was a gift.
jerry: If they like each other.
jerry: See that guy he's talking with? That's her new boyfriend.
jerry: Yeah. They're having a little fling so don't say anything.
jerry: You don't. He's a recovering alcoholic.
jerry: Yeah. He's been off the wagon for two years.
jerry: I think it's off the wagon.
jerry: What am I doing here? Ba-boom (holding out a present)
jerry: Hey keep your hands to yourself if you know what's good for you.
jerry: Under the sofa cushion.
jerry: It's your Christmas present.
"jerry: ""The guy?"""
jerry: Cranberry juice?
jerry: So... I'm Jerry. (he puts down the drink)
jerry: Why don't get we together New Years day and watch some football.
jerry: There. (turns to George) So, how did it go?
jerry: Oh, uh, I think maybe Dick picked up yours.
jerry: I didn't know you meant *hold* it, I thought you meant hold it.
jerry: I never feel comfortable in the women's department. I feel like I'm just a *little* too close to trying on a dress.
jerry: Hey the woman got you a job. The least you could do is buy her a gift. How about this?
jerry: Yeah. She would love cashmere.
jerry: Look at this. It's 85 dollars marked down from 600.
jerry: Oh it's damaged. (grabbing the sweater)
jerry: It's hard to say.
jerry: Well I can see it.
jerry: Well what do you want me to do? Not look at it?
jerry: It's hard to pretend because I know where it is.
jerry: You want me to take an overview?
jerry: I see a very cheap man holding a sweater trying to get away with something. That's my overview.
jerry: Yeah so?
jerry: Oh boy, can you smell it?
jerry: Well if you can't smell it then he hasn't been drinking.
jerry: Yes you do.
jerry: Yes you would.
jerry: I'll prove it. Would you do me a favor?
jerry: Would you take a drink and let us smell you?
jerry: I got a bottle of scotch my uncle gave me. It's Hennigans. It's been here for two years. I've been using it as a paint thinner.
jerry: I don't smell anything.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: Kramer. Yeah that'll do.
jerry: I tried to stop him. I couldn't. He just wants to make people happy.
jerry: (uncomfortable) Uh, I don't know. Uh, I don't know.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Ahem. Say that again?
jerry: Do I see it... or don't I? That's the question.
jerry: Now what did you ask me again.
jerry: You had sex with the cleaning woman on your desk? Who are you, how did you do that?
jerry: Yeah chambermaids, I'm attracted to them too.
jerry: It's a woman in your room. So go ahead.
jerry: Convulsing?
jerry: I don't know, I'm trying to help you.
jerry: You don't drink.
jerry: So you started drinking.
jerry: So how was it?
jerry: Good thing the cleaning lady was there.
jerry: You mean to tell me if I had put that drink six inches over to the right, and none of this would have happened.
jerry: What are you saying?
jerry: You're saying something.
jerry: Well you're not saying nothing you must be saying something.
jerry: Well why don't you say it?
jerry: What did you say?
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: No I didn't.
jerry: I didn't have an expression. I have a deviated septum. I have to open my mouth sometimes to breathe.
jerry: Frankly I am shocked that you would ask such a question (Elaine sticking out her tongue like she isn't buying a word of it) of me, that you would think - the only surprise is how you could even think of that. That's what you were seeing.
jerry: Elaine is in the bathroom. She's wise to whole red dot thing. She's asking me all kinds of questions.
jerry: No.
jerry: I'm not swearing. I don't want to swear.
jerry: No.
jerry: I didn't tell her you stupid idiot. She tricked you.
jerry: I was in the men's room the other day and they had the hand blower, instead of the paper towels, you know this thing. I like the hand blower I have to say. It takes a little bit longer, but I feel when you're in a room with a revolting stench you want to spend as much time as you can.
jerry: Oh, wait a second, I believe we have a heckler ladies and gentlemen. Hey Dick I don't know what your problem is. It's not my fault you're back on the wagon.
jerry: In the old days how do you think they got the alcohol from town to town?
jerry: On the wagon. Don't you think they broke into a couple of those bottles along the way?
jerry: They had smooth trails. What about the Cumberland Gap?
jerry: I know enough not to get on them.
jerry: George?
jerry: George?
jerry: I'm taking the kid out to dinner to chear him up.
jerry: I would say when the nipple makes its first appearance.
jerry: Nice try. So guess who heckled me at the club last night.
jerry: Get off of me.
jerry: But in a way, I think I inadvertantly turned this guy into an alcoholic. I hate being around alcoholics because they're either telling you how much they love you or how much they hate you. And those are the two statements that scare me the most. But I think he's okay now because I have no idea how he feels about me. He's finally off the wagon.
jerry: Don't get smart.
jerry: Remember, don't whistle on the elevator.
jerry: That's what Willie Loman told Biff before his interview, in 'Death of a salesman'.
jerry: What time is the lesbian wedding?
jerry: I'm so tired. I'll fall asleep on that train (yawns)
jerry: Oh, I'm paying for breakfast?
jerry: Why do I always pay? What am I made of money? You bunch of deadbeats.
jerry: So, can I convince anybody to come down to Coney Island with me? I got to pick up my car at the pound. George?
jerry: Not only that they found it. It was simonized and the front end was aligned.
jerry: So what do you say? Run in the cyclone. Hotdogs on Nathan's is on me.
jerry: All right, biff. Elaine, merry-go-round?
jerry: Kramer, bumper-cars?
jerry: Could be years before I get back to Coney Island. I can't go to rides alone.
jerry: O-K. You realize of course, you're naked?
jerry: You oughta' sit here. There is a difference.
jerry: I got something against yours. How about a couple of deep knee bends, maybe a squat thrust?
jerry: All right, how about skipping breakfast. I'm guessing you're not a 'half-grapefruit and black coffee' guy.
jerry: I understand, I like good breakfast. Long as you don't wind up trapped in a room with bib overalls and pigtails, been counseled by Dick Gregory.
jerry: That's your problem, you should be.
jerry: Don't get up, please, allow me.
jerry: I'm not worried about their best pitching. They got pitching. ...They got no hitting.
jerry: Defence? Please. ...They need speed.
jerry: Franco's no good? ...They got no team leaders.
jerry: But you gotta like their chances.
jerry: Tell you what. If they win the penant I'll sit naked with you at the World Series.
jerry: First we ride the cyclone.
jerry: Aah, French fries.
jerry: No, I never got the car. We were having such a good time, by the time I got to the police garage, it was closed.
jerry: You wouldn't believe what this guy put away at Nathan's. Look at what we won!
jerry: You want him?
jerry: So, you missed the wedding. You'll catch the bris!
jerry: Biff, what did you whistle on the elevator?
jerry: Yeah, it's in the kitchen drawer.
jerry: Come on, I'll go with you.
jerry: Were you talking? I couldn't hear anything.
jerry: Oh, Noel! Yeah, the one who plays bongos...
jerry: All right, I'm sorry. What about her?
jerry: I know, you told me you like her, everything is going good.
jerry: We all want the hand. Hand is tough to get. You gotta get the hand right from the opening.
jerry: Yeah, that sounds like somethin'...
jerry: That smells good, what is that?
jerry: The *beach*?
jerry: You joined the *Polar Bears*?!
jerry: Yeah... So's shock therapy.
jerry: [with glee] What is that, a Pez dispenser?!
jerry: You don't know?
jerry: You think they have fleas there, don't you?
jerry: Yes you do, Biff. You've never been to a Flea Market, and you think they have fleas there.
jerry: They have a piano backstage they warm up on.
jerry: What, do you think they just crack their knuckles and come out?
jerry: [quickly whispering] I resent that you said that! That's directed at *me*, isn't it?!
jerry: Is this okay? Can I do this? (he claps)
jerry: I dunno, it was an impulse.
jerry: How could I know she would start to laugh?
jerry: Can we just go in already?
jerry: What about?
jerry: I know, but I'm distracted now.
jerry: Really John Mollika, they guy that used to bartend at the Comedy Club. How's he doing?
"jerry: ""Cut to the chase""?"
"jerry: What're you, ""Joe Hollywood""?"
jerry: I would lose that.
"jerry: ""Lose that""? That's not a Hollywood expression!"
jerry: Really, an intervention ...
jerry: Me? Why me?
jerry: Y'know these things are *really* hard to load...
jerry: We've got to talk about this (to Elaine)
jerry: You play a *Hell* of a piano.
jerry: Pez?
jerry: Anyone who would laugh at a recital is probably some sort of lunatic anyway. I mean only a sick twisted mind could be that rude and ignorant.
jerry: Even if this so called mental defective did put something on her leg she's still the one who laughed.
jerry: We'll be outside
jerry: It was nice meeting you By the way, How do you warm up your fingers before you play?
jerry: You know I thing Kramer might have been responsible for getting Richie involved with drugs in the first place.
jerry: A few years ago the comedy club had a softball team. Kramer was our first baseman You couldn't get anything by him It was unbelievable. Anyway this one game we came back to win from like 8 runs behind. So Kramer says to Richie why don't you dump the bucket of Gatorade on Marty Benson's head? The club owner. So Richie goes ahead and does it.
jerry: What happened? The guy was like 67 years old, it was freezing out, he caught a cold, got pneumonia, and a month later he was dead.
jerry: All the comedians were happy. He was one of these club owners nobodu liked anyway. But Richie was never the same.
jerry: He's the same!
jerry: Are you sure you want me John. I have spoken to Richie in two years. I don't have a good apartment for an intervention. The furniture, it's very non-confrontational. All right All right. Goodbye. [to Kramer] Remember Ricie Appel?
jerry: Right, we'll John Mollika is organizing some kind of intervention for him. We're having it here.
jerry: What do you think? It's like a poker game?
jerry: Yeah
jerry: Yeah, but John invited her.
jerry: No, intervene, go intervene all you want. I am just afraid you might be interfering while we're intervening.
jerry: Stop smelling your arm.
"jerry: Hum, a cologne that smells like the beach. I can't believe I'm saying this, ""That's not a bad idea."""
jerry: Why don't you call Steve D'Jiff, he works in the marketing department at Calvin Klein. In fact he's a good friend of John Mollika and Richie also.
jerry: She broke up with you?
jerry: What was on the list?
jerry: Yeah, Postum is under-ratted,
jerry: What's wrong with lunch?
jerry: A preemptive breakup.
jerry: In the freezer.
jerry: Well I guess there aren't any ice cubes.
jerry: Do I have to talk? I don't feel like talking.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Intervention.
jerry: No, we're having an intervention
jerry: There's a friend of ours on drugs and we're going to confront him.
jerry: It's NOT a surprise party! Yeah (to intercom)
jerry: Yeah, come on up. ... It's not him.
jerry: We're having the intervention for Richie.
jerry: Well, uh..
jerry: Well, you're looking well.
jerry: I didn't know she would laugh.
jerry: Hey Richie
jerry: It was pretty ugly from the get go. he's not listening, He's hostile, he's talking back.
jerry: So he starts to get up He spots the Pez dispenser on the coffee table
jerry: He picks it up - he stares at it - It's like he's hypnotized by it. Then he's telling us this story about how when he was a kid he was in the car with his father, and his father was trying to load one of them
jerry: Tell me something I don't know. So as the father's trying to load it he loses control of the car and it crashes into a high school cafeteria. Nobody's hurt but Pez is all over the car. And the dispenser was destroyed virtually beyond recognition.
jerry: So as he's telling the story he starts crying.
jerry: What do you think? I gave him my Pez dispenser.
jerry: Two hours later he checks into Smither's clinic. I talked to the doctor yesterday. He's doing great on the rehab. He's hooked on Pez. He's eating them like there's no tomorrow.
jerry: I can't do those things.
jerry: Let me ask you a question. If you named a kid Rasputin do you think that would have a negative effect on his life?
jerry: What are you doing? Were going out for dinner in ten minutes.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Come on up. . . . I never heard of this. Youve got to fast for three days to take an ulcer test. How you gonna do that?
jerry: I think Ill take out the garbage.
jerry: Well, once I didnt have dinner until, like 900 oclock, that was pretty rough. (exits to hall with garbage  meets George) Hey, do me a favour will ya? Throw out my garbage for me.
jerry: Come on, its just down the hall.
jerry: Ill give you 50 cents.
jerry: Come on. Fifty cents. (??) a piece of Drakes coffee cake
jerry: I dont get you. Who goes on vacation without a job? What do you need a break from getting up at eleven?
jerry: Nah, I dont go for these non-refundable deals. I cant commit to a woman. Im not going to commit to an airline.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Gina, do you know what a Drakes Coffee Cake is?
jerry: How much do they cost?
jerry: No, no the junior.
jerry: Really? You should be ashamed of yourself. I want you out of here! (MARTIN enters the hall) How ya doing?
jerry: Boy shes sexy isnt she?
jerry: Do you believe that guy?
jerry: My neighbour
jerry: Yeah, did he think I was flirting with her?
jerry: Whats so amazing? Youve seen him before.
jerry: What was the dream?
jerry: I think Ive played there.
jerry: Youre a little paranormal
jerry: Psychics, vacations. How about getting a job?
jerry: Alright, come on, lets get out of here.
jerry: I heard he used to polish off a box of Triscuits.
jerry: Oh, yeah. Ghandi loved Triscuits.
jerry: Who is it? Who is it?
jerry: Who?
jerry: Martine?
jerry: Oh, Martin!
jerry: What?
jerry: In my pajamas? I better get my robe.
jerry: Itll take two seconds.
jerry: We dont have two seconds?
jerry: Nah, forget it.
jerry: Nah. Ill just wear the pajamas.
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: Nah, Ill go get the robe.
jerry: Thats not too bad. Its not like a Sunny von Bulow comma. The doctor said he should snap out of it anytime.
jerry: Really? Its over?
jerry: Oh boy, did he say anything about me?
jerry: He said that?
jerry: Im sorry if I caused any trouble. I was just being friendly.
jerry: You werent?
jerry: Of course.
jerry: Are you sure he cant hear anything? . . .MARTIN, MARTIN.
jerry: I, would, I would wait on that. I know how you feel but. Juries today, you never know how theyre going to look at a thing like this.
jerry: No, I just wanted to see what time it was.
jerry: No.
jerry: Here?
jerry: Is this the proper venue?
jerry: No, no, I want to. I, I very much want to. I, I desire to. I, I pine to.
jerry: I cant. What if he wakes up?
jerry: A man who respects a good comma. If it was one of those in and out comas, maybe. But when a guys got a coma going like this  you dont want to mess with it.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Yeah, I heard.
jerry: Who told you about Martin?
jerry: Hey, let me ask you something. How long do you have to wait for a guy to come out of a coma before you can ask his ex-girlfriend out?
jerry: You know I dont get that whole suicide machine. Theres no tall buildings where these people live? They cant wrap their lips around a revolver like a normal person?
jerry: Well, I went with her to the hospital last night.
jerry: So were in the room and shes trying to get me to kiss her right in front of him.
jerry: Nothing.
jerry: I didnt know what the coma etiquette was.
jerry: So youre saying, his girl, his car, his clothes, its all up for grabs. You can just loot the coma victim.
jerry: So if the coma victim wakes up in a month, hes thrilled, he got out of the coma. He goes home, theres nothing left?
jerry: You can say what you want about me but Ill be damned if Im going to stand here while you insult my toothbrush.
jerry: No, more like the Three Stooges at the end of every movie.
jerry: Theyre a comedy team.
jerry: Well, theyre three kind of funny looking guys and they hit each other a lot.
jerry: I will show you The Stooges.
jerry: Well, I dont really know where The Stooges are right now but if I locate them you will be the first to know.
jerry: Well, uh, I uh, I dont want you to get upset or anything but uh, with Martin and all, well maybe its not such a good idea for us to be seen together in the building, because, you know, he had a lot of friends here.
jerry: Well then what are all those ties and sport jackets doing in my closet?
jerry: Yeah, all right. All right.
jerry: Hello Newman.
jerry: Do you think Newman would tell Martin if he wakes up? What kind of sicko would do that? He could kill me.
jerry: Boy, its a good thing we came.
jerry: George, I want you to promise me something. If Im ever in a comma. In the first 24 hours get everything out of my apartment and put it in storage.
jerry: Looters.
jerry: Shes really hungry.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Hows he doing?
jerry: Why wouldnt he?
jerry: Hell have a lot of catching up to do, I guess.
jerry: How up to date?
jerry: And nothing could change your mind?
jerry: Drakes Coffee Cake
jerry: From my house. I got a whole box of them.
jerry: Thats your big boy.
jerry: I dont give out bites. I got another one. But Im saving it for later.
jerry: I dont think so. You know they, theyre so fragile.
jerry: You swear?
jerry: On your mothers life?
jerry: Elaine! No! No!
jerry: Hey!
jerry: What are you doing? Were going out to dinner in ten minutes.
jerry: What did she name the kid?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: osh.
jerry: Woah. (hitting George)
jerry: Wow! (hitting George)
jerry: Oh! (hitting George)
jerry: Oh! (hitting George)
jerry: Nude backgammon with swimsuit models!
jerry: Oh, its an invitation to a house warming from Martin and Gina.
jerry: Yeah, its some place down in the village.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: All right were coming down.
jerry: Were taking Elaine to dinner. Shes got to start the fast again. Um, you want to go?
jerry: Oh, yes you will.
jerry: Yeah, maybe you won't.
jerry: Are my nostrils getting bigger?
jerry: Oh, so there's still hope.
jerry: Oh, so hopelessness is the key.
jerry: Look at my hands. Look. Filthy from the paper. You know, they should give you a Wet-nap when you buy one, like at those rib joints.
jerry: Went out with George, you?
jerry: How was it? What'd you talk about?
jerry: We brushed on that. Actually, George was in rare form. He just can't find anybody.
jerry: George too.
jerry: I've never fixed anybody up.
jerry: Well why wouldn't you start with George? You think she's too good for George?
jerry: Well you implied it.
jerry: Because if you think she's too good for George, you are dead wrong. Dead wrong. Who is she?
jerry: He's George!
jerry: So what?
jerry: I don't know, what's with the eyebrows?
jerry: I went out with you.
jerry: Well let me tell you something about George. He is fast. He can run like the wind. And he's strong. I've seen him lift a hundred pounds over his head without even knowing it. And you wouldn't know it to look at him, but George can bait a hook.
jerry: Come on, let's do it, I think they'll really get along.
jerry: Yeah, come on, it's a good match.
jerry: Naturally.
jerry: Everything.
jerry: Why?
jerry: She's good looking.
jerry: Very good looking.
jerry: Really very good looking.
jerry: Yes, I would take her out.
jerry: What hesitate? I didn't hesitate!
jerry: I'm telling you, she's good looking.
jerry: Good body, nice body.
jerry: Nice.
jerry: Pretty nice.
jerry: Really very nice and good.
jerry: Good personality. Funny. Bright.
jerry: How could she be smarter than you?
jerry: You know, long dark hair.
jerry: Flowing?
jerry: 'Thick lustrous hair is very important to me,' is that what you said?
jerry: Just clarifying.
jerry: Do you want to be able to get it out or do you want to not be able to get it out?
jerry: I think you'll get it out.
jerry: She's got a fine cheek.
jerry: A pinkish hue?
jerry: There's a hue. She's got great eyebrows, women kill to have her eyebrows.
jerry: I don't think you'll throw up. *She* likes to throw up.
jerry: I think it's tamber.
jerry: I didn't notice the voice.
jerry: So, Saturday night.
jerry: She could have mentioned the conversation.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Oh, the guy from Jersey?
jerry: No thanks, they look like they came out of a cereal box.
jerry: So where are they already, it's a quarter to twelve, they should be back by now, what did they do?
jerry: Wait, I got another call. That must be him. [clicks over] Hello?
jerry: Oh, hold on. [clicks back] It's George, he just got home.
jerry: Alright, I'll call you back as soon as I'm done.
jerry: Of course. [clicks back to George] Yeah, go ahead.
jerry: You can tell me, I'll vault it.
jerry: I'm locking the vault. What?
jerry: Oh my god, you had sex, how did that happen?
jerry: At your apartment?
jerry: She didn't stay over?
jerry: So, what did she have to say?
jerry: He said they had a good time.
jerry: Oh, good.
jerry: Nope. You?
jerry: You sure?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah. Okay then.
jerry: Goodnight.
jerry: Well, I'm gonna do something about this.
jerry: Nevermind. Disgraceful. Leaves you sitting there on the kitchen floor like some kind of roach trap. Wham, bam, thank you ma'am. Sir, whatever. She's not going to get away with this.
jerry: I'm gonna call her.
jerry: No, I'm calling her.
jerry: No, forget it, I'm gonna call.
jerry: Get away from me, I'm gonna call her.
jerry: George, do you wanna fight? Do you wanna fight?
jerry: I'll just call her when you leave!
jerry: It is so my business!
jerry: Yeah, but--
jerry: But Kramer--
jerry: Take it easy, you guys, just spread out! Don't worry about it, if anything was wrong she would have called you already!
jerry: Ow! Ow! Twist off! Twist off! Twist off!
jerry: Oh, hi. Soda?
jerry: So tell me. What's the problem with your little flaky friend? She doesn't return calls?
jerry: Oh, I know her. I know her type.
jerry: The type that doesn't return phone calls. I knew we shouldn't have done this, it was a bad idea in the first place, I told you!
jerry: I was just trying to help your bitter, twisted friend.
jerry: Well, bitter's a judgement call, but she's twisted!
jerry: I thought you said they had a good time, is there anything else you're keeping from me?
jerry: I'm calling you one if you are one, are you a liar?
jerry: Get your finger out of my face.
jerry: I don't care.
jerry: How did you know they were defective?!
jerry: Acting.
jerry: Thank you. Hi Cynthia.
jerry: Well this is a great place to sit you got here.
jerry: So what are these?
jerry: I have to dribble, if I give it to you, you just shoot. You're a chucker.
jerry: That's right, everytime you get the ball you shoot.
jerry: You chuck.
jerry: Well it's not an easy thing to bring up.
jerry: Believe me I didn't see anything.
jerry: No, did you?
jerry: Why?
jerry: I made a conscious effort not to look. There's certain information I just don't want to have.
jerry: All right
jerry: All right
jerry: You know who that is? That's
jerry: Yeah, that's him.
jerry: Positive.
jerry: Yeah, he's a real smart guy too. He's a Civil War buff.
jerry: So Biff wants to be a buff? ... Well sleeping less than 18 hours a day would be a start.
jerry: Hey, should we say something to him?
jerry: well he could say hello to me. I wouldn't mind.
jerry: So?
jerry: I know what he is. I recognized him. You didn't even notice him.
jerry: Really?
jerry: What I do? You are one of my favorite ball players of all time
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: I'm performing in this club on the east Side. You should come in.
jerry: I'll tell you what, I'll give you my number and uh, just give me a call, tell me whenever you want to go.
jerry: Oh. that would be great.
jerry: It's been three days and he hasn't called.
jerry: I can't ... I can't
jerry: I don't know. I just feel he should call me.
jerry: You don't understand, Elaine. I don't want to be overanxious. If he wants to see me he has my number, he should call.
jerry: I can't stand these guys. You give your number to them and then they don't call. Why do they do that?
jerry: I mean, I thought he liked me. I really thought he liked me. we were getting along. He came over to me I didn't go over to him.
jerry: Why did he come over to me if he didn't want to see me?
jerry: What did he come over to me if he didn't want to see me? I mean here I meet this guy this great guy, a baseball player, best guy I ever met in my life. .. Well that's it. I'm never giving my number out to another guy again.
jerry: Hu, good, good,... well if he's calling in a month he's got a prayer!
jerry: Oh, they don't have phones out of town? Why do(?) people say they're too busy. Too busy. Pick up a phone!! It takes two minutes. How can you be too busy?
jerry: I can't call here, it's a coffee shop. I mean what am I going to say to him?
jerry: For what dinner?
jerry: Don't you think that's coming on a little too strong? .. Isn't that like a turn off?
jerry: ... this is all .. very confusing.
jerry: Elaine, how about this shirt? Is this okay?
jerry: Oh, see the baby again with the baby..
jerry: Uh, he's this guy who used to live in the building and they keep calling us to see the baby.
jerry: (imitates) Ya' gotta see the babi - When are ya' gonna see the babi... Can't they just send us a tape?
jerry: uh uh because then it would be all grown up.
jerry: Hey Kramer what do you think of this shirt?
jerry: I know he's just a guy but .. I LIKE him.
jerry: Uh, Keith uh Hernandez.
jerry: Hellooo Newman.
jerry: Unfortunately the immutable laws of physics contradict the whole premise of your account. Allow me to reconstruct this if I may for Miss Benes as I've heard this story a number of times.
jerry: Newman, Kramer, if you'll indulge me. According to your story Keith passes you and starts walking up the ramp then you say you were struck on the right temple. The spit then proceeds to ricochet off the temple striking Newman between the third and forth rib. The spit then cam off the rib turned and hit Newman in the right wrist causing him to drop his baseball cap. The spit then splashed off the wrist, Pauses In mid air mind you- makes a left turn and lands on Newman's left thigh. That is one magic luggie.
jerry: What happened to your head when you got hit?
jerry: Again
jerry: Back and to the left Back and to the left
jerry: I am saying that the spit could not have come from behind ... that there had to have been a second spitter behind the bushes on the gravelly road. If the spitter was behind you as you claimed that would have caused your head to pitch forward.
jerry: But that is not what they would have you believe.
jerry: The sad thing is we may never know the real truth.
jerry: No. What happened to you?
jerry: I'm Vandelay Industries?
jerry: And what is that?
jerry: Latex? And what do I do with latex?
jerry: And what do I say about you?
jerry: I'm going to hire you as my latex salesman?
jerry: I don't think so. Why would I do that?
jerry: If you think I'm looking for someone to just sit at a desk pushing papers around, you can forget it. I have enough headaches just trying to manufacture the stuff.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: All right we're coming down.
jerry: Yeah, come on Elaine, lets go.
jerry: That's what I've been trying to figure out the past five years.
jerry: Well that was really fun, thanks.
jerry: Well, ...
jerry: No, I haven't.
jerry: Sure, that would be great.
jerry: I mean, ... if you want to.
jerry: Yeah, Friday's okay.
jerry: Well, good night [holds hand out and shakes hand]
jerry: Elaine?
jerry: Uh, I don't know, we used to go out.
jerry: For a date?
jerry: Oh, no, uh, go ahead. You got a pen?
jerry: .... (silence)
jerry: So then we went to dinner.
jerry: We split it.
jerry: Naw, I gotta wait until its just the right time.
jerry: Yeah
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: Uh, nuthin'. Then he took me home.
jerry: (smiling) Yeah
jerry: Good shake. Perfect shake. Single pump, not too hard, you know, doesn't have to prove anything, but, you know, firm enough to know he was there.
jerry: He asked me if I was doing anything Friday night.
jerry: So then as I was getting out of the car, ...
jerry: Hi Elaine.
jerry: What date? It's a GUY.
jerry: Already?
jerry: I don't mind at all. Why should I mind? What did he say?
jerry: Oh, ya' going?
jerry: Ah, really.
jerry: Friday?
jerry: He's going' out with you on Friday?
jerry: He's supposed to see ME on Friday.
jerry: We made plans.
jerry: No, don't cancel it.
jerry: Well, frankly it is.
jerry: Well you're not even a fan. I was at game six - you didn't even watch it.
jerry: Any Hennigans around here?
jerry: Vandelay Industries, Kel Varnsen speaking. May we help you? ... Oh Hi Keith. Na, I was just jokin' around
jerry: No. No. I don't mind at all.
jerry: Sure, we can do something next week.
jerry: No, its no problem at all.
jerry: Okay, take it easy. (hangs up) That was Keith. we're going to do something next week.
jerry: Hey what are you doing Friday night?
jerry: Friday night? Nothin', ... now.
jerry: Fasten your seat belts. we're goin' to see the baby.
jerry: All right, I'll go
jerry: And you want to be my latex salesman.
jerry: (to baby) Hello. How are you/
jerry: Yes. I do love her. (to baby) You have a very nice place here.
jerry: He's joking.
jerry: I was saying the same thing.
jerry: Uh, you don't have to take a picture.
jerry: Jerry, You want to pick her up?
jerry: I better not.
jerry: I don't know him. I know who he is.
jerry: I know. He got the hit in game SIX. So, so then what happened?
jerry: So, did you two, uh,  have uh,
jerry: You know
jerry: No!
jerry: Did he kiss you good night?
jerry: What do you mean you don't know?
jerry: Well, what kind of a kiss? Was it a peck? Was it a kiss? Was it a long make out thing?
jerry: So, you like him.
jerry: Ah, I'm jealous of everybody.
jerry: hello. Oh, hi. What's happening?  what? oh um, sure,  um, yeah, okay, uh. I'll see you then. Yeah, yeah, Bye.
jerry: That was Keith.
jerry: He wants me to help him move.
jerry: You know, furniture.
jerry: I said yes, but I don't feel right about it. I mean I hardly know the guy. That's a big step oin a relationship. The biggest. That's like going all the way.
jerry: Well we went out one time. Don't you think that's coming on a little too strong?
jerry: Keith Hernandez just asked me to help him move.
jerry: I said yes.
jerry: I'm NOT DRIVING HIM TO THE AIRPORT! ..
jerry: hey Kramer do me a favour .
jerry: Don't mention it to anybody.
jerry: She likes him I mean she really likes him.
jerry: Who wouldn't like him? I like him. And I'm a guy.
jerry: Forget that. He's a ball player. MVP< 1979. I'm making wise cracks in some night club. This guy was in game six. They're a perfect match. They like go together. They're like one of these brother and sister couples that look alike.
jerry: You know I know this sounds a little arrogant but I never thought she would find anyone she would like better than me. Ya know, I guess I had my chance and that's that.
jerry: Really?
jerry: I don't know  six three.
jerry: So I guess it's fair to say you've set different goals for yourself than say, Thomas Edison, Magellan, these types of people.
jerry: Oh, yeah,. My favourite explorer. Around the world. Come on.
jerry: DeSoto? What did he do?
jerry: Oh. like they wouldn't have found that anyway.
jerry: No I can't I've got some stuff to do then I've got to meet Keith at my apartment at three. I'm helping him move.
jerry: I know isn't that something?
jerry: I don't know  he's got some valuable antiques, He's worried they'll break something.
jerry: I'M NOT DRIVING HIM TO THE AIRPORT!!
jerry: Is there a box spring?
jerry: Is there a box spring?
jerry: Is that a sectional?
jerry: Is that a thick marble?
jerry: STAIRS??? There's no elevator?
jerry: I'm sorry I can't do this. I can't do it. I can't. It, it's too soon. I don't know you. I can't help you move. I'm sorry. I can't. I just can't.
jerry: I told you!
jerry: But why? Why McDowell?
jerry: Hello,  oh hi Elaine .. what's going on  no he just left  you broke up with him?  ME TOO .. what happened?  oh smoking you know you're like going out with C. Everet Coope  me  nah  I couldn't go through with it  I just didn't feel ready  so what are you doing now?  Oh, great idea, I'll meet you there in like thirty minutes. Okay bye.
jerry: You just missed him. he just left. What do you need him for?
jerry: Well Biff/ What's next?
jerry: George.
jerry: Sorry, the flight was delayed, how long've you been waiting?
jerry: Oh I can't believe-- why don't you get rid of that piece of junk.
jerry: So you have no car?
jerry: So what good are you?
jerry: I'll tell you one thing, this chauffeur's gonna be waiting a while, O'Brien's not showing up.
jerry: He was in Chicago, the flight was overbooked, wouldn't let him on the plane. He kept screaming how he had to get to Madison Square Garden.
jerry: Yeah, right.
jerry: He's definitely in Chicago.
jerry: How would we do it?
jerry: Maybe he knows O'Brien?
jerry: What if we get caught?
jerry: Who's gonna be O'Brien?
jerry: Who am I?
jerry: Just me?
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Well if you're gonna be O'Brien, why can't I be somebody?
jerry: Dylan Murphy.
jerry: What, now you wanna be Dylan Murphy?
jerry: You could be Colin.
jerry: I'm Dylan Murphy.
jerry: Come on,
jerry: Colin?
jerry: What for?
jerry: She happy for you?
jerry: No. Why?
jerry: He can't hear us.
jerry: Where's he dropping us? Maybe we can get him to drop us right at my house?
jerry: What?
jerry: We're going to the Knick game!
jerry: I can't believe it! You may have hit with this one!
jerry: Lemme call Elaine and Kramer.
jerry: Elaine? It's me. What are you doing tonight? Great. George and I have tickets, four free passes to the Knicks-Bulls game, Madison Square Garden. Can you go? Great, listen, call Kramer, tell him to meet us on the corner at seven o'clock. Alright. We're gonna pick you up in a limo. That's right baby-doll. Hey listen, when we pick you up, I'm Murphy and George is O'Brien. I can't tell you now, it's a long story. I am serious. Okay. Okay bye. (opens partition) 'Scuse me, driver, we have to make a little stop first.
jerry: Maybe it's a shortcut.
jerry: (opens partition) 'Scuse me, driver, why are we getting off this exit?
jerry: It was a bad jig to begin with, we never should have started this jig.
jerry: It was a bad jig, a terrible terrible jig. What are we gonna do now? They're gonna know you're not O'Brien.
jerry: First of all, you don't look like any O'Brien, period.
jerry: I don't want to be Murphy anymore; do I still have to be Murphy?
jerry: It makes no sense now, me being Murphy.
jerry: I'm Seinfeld!
jerry: We're doing sixty miles an hour!
jerry: Who are you, Mannix?
jerry: Alright put your hands up over your face, pretend you're sleeping.
jerry: No, I'm, uh, Dylan Murphy. Mr. O'Brien had a long trip, he's sleeping.
jerry: Newsletter?
jerry: Oh, yes, he's very proud of his work in the big game. So you've never uh, met him before?
jerry: Never seen a picture of him?
jerry: Not even on the book jacket?
jerry: (nudging George) Hey O'Brien, wake up, c'mon, we got company. Wake up.
jerry: (checking his watch) I don't think we're gonna make the tip off.
jerry: He tends to exaggerate.
jerry: Well you might as well look it over.
jerry: You're not going to open with that, are you?
jerry: Nice looking Lugar.
jerry: What's taking him so long out there?
jerry: She's a Nazi, George. A Nazi!
jerry: Well we gotta make a plan before they come back, what are we gonna do?
jerry: Let's just make a run for it.
jerry: How'd that happen?
jerry: I know, why do they make that bed so tight? You gotta sleep with your feet like that.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Nah. No one's ever been shot in the city.
jerry: I may not look like a Murphy but I act like a Murphy.
jerry: Dublin. Originally. Parents came over here when I was eighteen. Cereal famine. Couldn't get a bowl anywhere. Bad. 'Tis a beautiful country though; lush rolling hills, and the peat, ah the peat.
jerry: We were right on the border.
jerry: Get in the car! Get in the car!
jerry: No, he was talking to me, he's cross-eyed.
jerry: It's safer! Plus it's more annoying to the other person.
jerry: Oh look at this guy.
jerry: Oh there's a guy trying to get in front of me, he has to ask permission. Yes. Go ahead. Get in, get in.
jerry: No, nothing. How could you not give a thank you wave? Hey buddy! Where's my thank you wave?
jerry: Give me that wave!
jerry: Yeah, I'm free, why?
jerry: Oh my God! You won't believe what I just saw! A car just bashed into a parked car, and sped off, right on my block!
jerry: What?
jerry: Elaine, the guy could be dangerous.
jerry: I'm not yella. (In a cowboy voice)
jerry: Wait, he stopped, he's parking.
jerry: Uh, excuse me, uh, I was uh, driving behind you, uh, a few blocks back, and I, I couldn't help, uh, maybe you didn't realize, uh, I witnessed that, uh, um, you're tire's a little low. That can affect the performance of the twin high-beam suspension, not to mention your rack and pinion steering.
jerry: So I wound up going out for a decaf cappuccino with her.
jerry: You know, I really liked her. We talked. We flirted. And when she left, she reached out and touched my arm.
jerry: He, he, he. (Simulating her feminine laugh)
jerry: Let's not even analyze it.
jerry: I wanted to but I couldn't go through with it.
jerry: Friday night.
jerry: Yep.
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: By the way, Elaine does not need to know about anything.
jerry: Oh, you dig?
jerry: Why?
jerry: I wonder if I'm nuts for pursuing this woman at all.
jerry: Look, she slammed into a parked car! She took no responsibility for mutilating the property of a stranger, then she sped off like a criminal!
jerry: On the other hand, does that mean she should never be allowed to date again? You scratch one car and you're forbidden to have social contact for the rest of your life?!
jerry: What am I drinking, milk?
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: With that?
jerry: What car?
jerry: Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, the hit and run. Well. Actually, the guy went into Queens.
jerry: Over the bridge. (Making a pointing motion with his hand)
jerry: Yeah, Queens.
"jerry: So he gets out of the car, I say, ""Hey buddy! I saw you hit that car!"" So he says to me, ""What are ya gonna do about it?"""
"jerry: So I said to him, ""Whatever's necessary."""
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh, it was nothing.
jerry: Well he kinda lost his temper, and he was pushing me up against the car. So I went into a karate stance. (Jerry assumes karate position and does two punches)
jerry: I know a little.
jerry: He backed off. Pretty pathetic actually.
jerry: Ah, nah! (Waving his hand and walking away)
jerry: Australia?
jerry: But not anymore.
jerry: Oh Friday, I can't, I'm sorry, I have a date.
jerry: We just met.
jerry: Ask George to go with you.
jerry: Why do you even need anybody?
jerry: Oh, Anthony Quinn, fine actor. But from what I understand, not a very good driver. Hits everything on the road. But always leaves a note.
jerry: Excellent film. In fact Quinn said he never felt so good as when he left a note after smacking into a car.
jerry: Kirk Douglas. Now there's another very bad driver. But he's such an unbelievable guy, that when he hits someone, he doesn't even leave a note. He sits in his car and waits for the other person to show up so he can exchange license, registration, and apologize.
jerry: The question is, did you allow a space for the husband to come in with his 'God bless you'? Because as the husband, he has the right to first refusal.
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: No argument. Unless, she's one of these multiple sneezers, and he's holding his 'God bless you' in abeyance, until she completes the series.
jerry: What if she's having an off night?
jerry: Hi.
jerry: A stupid what?
jerry: You know, if you want to make a person feel better after they sneeze, you shouldn't say 'God bless you', you should say, 'You're soo good lookin''.
jerry: Entertainment Tonight's on.
jerry: Bedroom.
jerry: What's it like out?
jerry: Can I take a sweater?
jerry: Scarf?
jerry: What's the matter? What's going on?
jerry: What is wrong?!
jerry: Get together?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What car?
jerry: Yeah who?
jerry: The blond with the blue sweatpants! Yeah, I think I've seen her.
jerry: The blond with the blue sweatpants!
jerry: I've had a crush on this woman for year! I've always been afraid to approach her! She looks like she belongs on one of these Hallmark cards.
jerry: Oh yeah. Too bad. Angela. Lousy thug. I mean what kind of sick person does something like that? That woman belongs in prison! I mean, I actually owe it to society to do something about this! I can't sit by and allow this to go on. It's a moral issue is what it is!
jerry: How am I going to live with myself?!
jerry: I'm not religious, but I certainly know where to draw the line!
jerry: Don't sell yourself short saying 'God bless you' to every Tom, Dick and Harry in great personal risk.
jerry: There should be more people like us.
jerry: You're telling me.
jerry: Anyway, I just wanted you to know, that I'm going to do everything I can to make sure the party responsible is made to be responsible or something very close to that.
jerry: Thank you very much.
jerry: Let me rephra-
jerry: Hi Elaine, this is Angela.
jerry: Well I think I get the gist of it.
jerry: What car?
jerry: It's not complicated.
jerry: Alright Elaine.
jerry: It was just a couple of blocks.
jerry: It's not that hard.
jerry: Hold it! Hold it! Hold it people! Matador? What matador?
jerry: A matador! Well, well, well. Uno momento por favor. Pray tell, what was the young man's name?
jerry: Eduardo, Carochio! That's good. That's very good. Kind of just rolls of the tongue. I wonder where on the upper west side a single girl might meet a matador? Perhaps Zabars? Or Les Pizza!
jerry: Anyway, this person told me to tell you to get an estimate on the damage.
jerry: $875?
jerry: Uh, well, I'll tell you what. Um, I'll give you a check, and then this person can pay me back.
jerry: Um, who do I make it out to?
jerry: So, what are you doing this weekend?
jerry: I didn't do it!
jerry: You are soo good lookin'.
jerry: You sure you want to do this? I'm going to be on the road for three weeks!
jerry: Alright!
jerry: What?!
jerry: What did I do?
jerry: I-
jerry: I didn't do it! I just had to pay her to cover for somebody else!
jerry: No, never.
jerry: You got a date with Becky Gelke?!
jerry: Well I'm happy to help, in any way that I can.
jerry: I like the button fly.
jerry: That is one place on my wardrobe I do not need sharp interlocking metal teeth. Its like a mink trap down there. (beat) What are you doing today?
jerry: I have to go meet Nina. Want to come up to her lot, check out her paintings?
jerry: Theres nothing to get.
jerry: She does a lot of abstract stuff. In fact she's painting Kramer right now.
jerry: She sees something in him.
jerry: Why?
jerry: I don't know how long this is gonna last.
jerry: I do... she's got like a jealousy thing. She doesn't like me having fun with anyone but her. (knocks on the door)
jerry: Hi, Nina. (smooch) This is my friend George.
jerry: (walking over to where Kramer is posing) Hey, look at this guy!
jerry: (to Nina) I brought George up to see some of your paintings.
"jerry: May I? (pantomimes making a big ""X"" across the painting)"
jerry: What's this?
jerry: (sincerely disappointed) Oh, Saturday... I'm working, I'm going out of town.
jerry: They're right behind the dugout, George, first row!
jerry: Is he okay?
jerry: This is the most amazing story I've ever heard--why did he want you to take off the baseball cap? That is so insane!
jerry: How you feeling?
jerry: (pointing) There's George!
jerry: It's preposterous! They ask someone to take off a baseball cap at a baseball game. (beat) How can you defend that?
jerry: Look, I'm really getting tired off all the fighting. Maybe we should just end this before we really start hating each other.
jerry: Well, I like to remain friends with people I was friends with!
jerry: That's what she told me!
jerry: That's what it costs!
jerry: I wasn't thinking! I don't know.
jerry: Well, she framed it and everything.
jerry: Do you want me to paint you something? I'd love to paint you some- thing!
jerry: (looking at the paper) Wow, a letter from Nina!
jerry: (reading note) Oh my god!
jerry: This is amazing, you can't believe this!
"jerry: Listen to this ""I don't know what you expect to find out there, Jerry, you know what you want better than me. But there's one thing I do know. I know I can stand here watching you destroy everything I've ever wanted in my life, wanting to smash your face with my fists, because you won't make even the slightest effort to offer happiness and still know that I love you. You mean so much to me that I'm will-ing to take all your abuse and insults and insensitivity."""
"jerry: (reading on) ""...'cause that's what you need to do to prove I'm not going to leave you. I'm sick and tired of running from places and people and relationships. You want me, that fight for me, becau-"""
jerry: No one's ever written me a letter like this. Maybe I was wrong about her!
jerry: Should I?
jerry: ALL RIGHT, all right! I'll call her.
jerry: SHOT! (the sound of a shot on the TV is heard) I told ya! (the inter- com buzzes) Yeah?
jerry: Come on up. (to Nina) Well, now we gotta get a posse together. I love a good posse.
jerry: The appeal of the posse? The posse has tremendous appeal. Get away from the job, camp out, you're with your friends... Come on, it's a week-long game of hide-and-seek on horseback.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: ...Yeah.
jerry: She likes the pop-in. I've told her how I hate the pop-in. (pointing to George) He likes the pop-in, too.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: HUGE pop-in guy!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Okay!
jerry: If he noticed, he would have called you from Houston!
jerry: (tugging at the clicker) I'm a great clicker! (gets the clicker back) Great instincts. How dare you impune my clicking.
jerry: Let go!
jerry: Let go, Elaine!
jerry: Oh, George can't click! (George joins in the fight)
jerry: Wait, wait a second! Go back, go back to that. (they watch it a little longer)
jerry: (on to something) Wait a second... wait a second!! (he watches the TV for another minute) The letter, that's the letter!
jerry: This is the letter she wrote to me, she stole it right from the movie!
"jerry: ""...'cause you don't even make the slightest effort to offer happiness still know that I love you!!"""
jerry: I always thought there was something funny about this letter! She copied it right out of Chapter 2! She a thief, a bunko-artist!
jerry: What are you talking about? She completely misrepresented herself! (mimicking the letter) I don't offer happiness. I offer happiness! James Caan doesn't offer happiness!
jerry: How's it coming?
jerry: Seen any good movies lately?
jerry: No. I like a good comedy. You know, like a Neil Simon? You like Neil Simon?
jerry: I've seen MOST of it. I guess my favorite would have to be, uh... Chapter 2. Have you ever seen that?
jerry: I have. Funny, funny. In fact it was on TV just the other night. Happened to catch it. (a knock is heard at the door) I couldn't help notice a STUNNING similiarity-- (Jerry is interrupted as Nina opens answer the door...)
jerry: Boy, the Yankees cannot buy a hit tonight!
jerry: Yeah. (picks up Nina's painting George bought) And by the way, can you get this thing outta my house?
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Oh yeah, I know.
jerry: What's the difference?
jerry: You always have to know everything that's going on, don't you?
jerry: If I don't tell you it will kill you, won't it?
jerry: You have to know, you must know.
jerry: Well, I'm not telling you.
jerry: Nope. I don't think so.
jerry: Not today, pal.
jerry: Now see? Just saying beg doesn't make it a real beg. You gotta put some beg into it.
jerry: Alright, I'll tell you, but your begging needs a lot of work.
jerry: I loaned the car to George.
jerry: George and Elaine went to a flea market in Westchester, okay?!
jerry: Huh?
jerry: Will you stop it already?!
jerry: I don't know! How am I supposed to know?!
jerry: *I* don't like you!
jerry: Why not?
jerry: Yep. (checks watch) Starts in thirty-five minutes.
jerry: No, I like Mike.
jerry: Oh yeah? What did you talk about?
jerry: Oh yeah? What did he say?
jerry: No, come on, Kramer. What did he say?
jerry: Kramer, just tell me what the guy said.
jerry: Please, don't make me beg.
jerry: Kramer, please tell me what the guy said.
jerry: Kramer!
jerry: Well you can't just mention it and then not tell me.
jerry: I'm not saying anything, I'm putting it in the vault, I'm locking the vault, it's a vault!
jerry: He what?
jerry: A phony? He called me a phony?
jerry: Why did you tell me that if I can't say anything?!
jerry: Yeah, under the counter. What happened?
jerry: (bending down to pick up the chips) Tell me what happened.
jerry: He is?
jerry: A gun?!
jerry: My god, are you okay?
jerry: Well, I mean, as long as you're okay, that, that's the important thing.
jerry: Where's George now?
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: (leaning out the window) Hey Georgie!
jerry: Are you okay?
jerry: Crazy kids, huh?
jerry: Oh, hey Mike.
jerry: I'm coming down.
jerry: Hey, your friend Mike's outside, he wants to talk to you.
jerry: Yeah, he's a real phony.
jerry: Hi Mike. (Noticing George's fedora) Indiana.
jerry: Yeah, twenty-five percent bran flakes. The forty percent was too much so I found a store to mix it up special for me, they take it down another fifteen percent.
jerry: Front first, that's how you park when you're pulling a bank job.
jerry: I didn't know.
jerry: I didn't know I wasn't supposed to say anything!
jerry: You're right. My fault.
jerry: It was a so-so sorry.
jerry: Wild pack of teenagers, huh?
jerry: Amazing how they picked you, out of everyone, to terrorize.
jerry: Sounds like you did some pretty nifty maneuvering,
jerry: What did you do to my car?!
jerry: I thought you said you were a good driver!
jerry: I think you said driver.
jerry: Hey Sid.
jerry: Okay, George. Come on, let's go. I'm putting it in a garage. The fight's starting in two minutes.
jerry: What are we gonna do, stay out here all night?
jerry: Hey Matthew.
jerry: How ya doing?
jerry: Hey, how's your father? I hear he's closing his store.
jerry: Oh no, nothing.
jerry: No, no, no, no.
jerry: No, of course not, of course not!
jerry: I didn't--
jerry: (to Elaine) Hey, do you think I'm phony?
jerry: Mike thinks I'm a phony.
jerry: Yeah, but I can't say anything because Kramer wasn't supposed to tell me.
jerry: I can't, I told Kramer I was vaulting it.
jerry: Open my vault?
jerry: Once I open the vault, it ceases to be a vault.
jerry: Oy ga-vault.
jerry: Alright, that's it. The fight's already started. I'm going upstairs, who's coming? Elaine?
jerry: Well if he's going then I'm not going.
jerry: I still don't have to go.
jerry: Why? I'll tell you why.
jerry: Like you didn't call me a phony?
jerry: Use it in a sentence.
jerry: Alright, come on. Who wants to watch the fight?
jerry: Kramer, what are you doing here!?
jerry: You scared me!
jerry: That's enough!
jerry: Kramer! What are you doing?!
jerry: Get out! Get out of the bathroom, I gotta go!
jerry: C'mon!
jerry: Move it! Move it! Get going!
jerry: Hey, did you ever pretend there's like, murderers chasing you, and you try and see how fast you can get your keys out and get into your apartment?
jerry: Oh. I see. There he is! (Pretends the murderers are coming.)
jerry: The murderers! (Jerry unlocks his door and they both run inside.)
jerry: Did you see the look on that guy's face?
jerry: Kramer! What the hell are you doing here?!
jerry: All right, that's it. Hand 'em over.
jerry: What, you know what, the keys. I want the keys. You've lost your key privileges.
jerry: No, come on!
jerry: It was sold out!
jerry: That's the point.
jerry: Just, look, just give the keys.
jerry: Don't ask me!
jerry: I'm telling you.
jerry: I'm serious!
jerry: Yes it will, now give me those keys!
jerry: So put 'em in a safe place.
jerry: Where?
jerry: I think so. I mean, he's acting really weird lately...he's different.
jerry: I can't.
jerry: Who's there?
jerry: Elaine...
jerry: Take the keys.
jerry: O.K.!
jerry: Your spare set?
jerry: You want 'em back?
jerry: Did you bring the keys?
jerry: This could be an emergency!
jerry: I tried to give 'em back, he wouldn't take 'em. (Jerry and George go out into the hallway to Kramer's apartment.)
jerry: They lost.
jerry: Kramer?
jerry: Hello, Newman.
jerry: Don't play coy with me, Newman, I'm not in the mood!
jerry: You're being coy. Now where's Kramer, Newman?
jerry: Listen, Tiny. I wanna know where Kramer is and wanna know now!
jerry: Turn around, George.
jerry: Now, you better tell me where Kramer is, or are we gonna have to do this the hard way? (Hits wall with his fist.)
jerry: Where's Kramer?
jerry: We're trying to find out what happened to Kramer.
jerry: Bad rap?
jerry: Me?
jerry: L.A.?
jerry: I never should have taken his keys away. But he drove me to it! I had no choice! He wouldn't take 'em back. Elaine, you saw it, remember? I said, 'Take the keys back.' He wouldn't do anything. You saw it, didn't you see it?
jerry: Huh?
jerry: No, what'd you say?
jerry: Oh, you didn't see it.
jerry: I heard you say something, there.
jerry: I'm calling Kramer's mother. (Picks up the phone, dials.) (To Elaine) I don't know what you said. But it was something. I heard something. Hello? Hello, Mrs. Kramer? Mrs. Kramer? Could you turn the music down? Could you turn the music down!
jerry: She's drunk out of her mind.
jerry: Don't feel right? What are you talking about?
jerry: What is the big deal?
jerry: First of all, you're not even supposed to have Elaine's keys. You're supposed to give 'em back to her, so she can give 'em back to me, because she has mine. So technically, those are my keys.
jerry: Well, I want those keys. (Tries to grab the keys from George.)
jerry: George, give them to me, I want these keys. (They struggle over the keys.) I don't want to get physical!
jerry: Do you wanna fight?
jerry: Don't you see? You're just avoiding the middle man. You were gonna give her her spare keys, so she was gonna give 'em to me. So, all that's happening is that instead of giving them to her, you're giving them to me. It's just unfortunate that when she gave you yours, you didn't give her hers. 'Cause then she would have given 'em to me, because she has mine. So then I would have never had to ask you for hers, so that I could get mine.
jerry: What's that?
jerry: I heard something.
jerry: Well, this is great.
"jerry: They look like keys, George. They look exactly like keys. (In disgust) ""What do they look like."""
jerry: Well, they've gotta be here somewhere.
jerry: By Elaine Benes?
"jerry: Elaine's writing a ""Murphy Brown""?"
jerry: Wait a second! (They fight over the paper.)
jerry: All right, here!
jerry: What? What?
jerry: It was funny!
jerry: Well... (picks up some of the pages) From what I saw...
jerry: I was locked out of my apartment, I'm just trying to get my keys.
jerry: I did not!
jerry: Elaine, wait! I need my spare keys!
jerry: Good!
jerry: Good! Don't! Are these my keys?
jerry: Is that something you want to do?
"jerry: Elaine, let me tell you something about show business. It's hard work! You don't just write a ""Murphy Brown."" You gotta watch the show, study it, get a sense of the characters, how they relate to each other."
jerry: What did you say?
"jerry: I heard something. (Looks at the TV) Elaine, Elaine! It's Kramer! Kramer's on ""Murphy Brown""!"
jerry: Look, there he is, he's sittin' at the desk!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: C'mon, will ya?
jerry: Something, isn't it?
jerry: I know!
jerry: Sure.
jerry: She's not really the naked type.
jerry: He did?
jerry: How come you didn't tell me?
jerry: But you can never keep a secret.
jerry: Well, you've come a long way.
jerry: Hey listen, the Tonight Show called me, they want me to come out and do the show on the 28th and they're giving me two free tickets to LA. You wanna go?
jerry: Yeah, in fact we could track down Kramer. I always felt bad about the way he left, you know? That was a mess. I never should have taken back those keys.
jerry: All taken care of.
jerry: What is this?
jerry: We're going on a two day trip, what are you, Diana Ross?
jerry: Oh. But you essentially wear the same thing all the time.
jerry: (referring to George's outfit) And what mood is this.
jerry: Look at this guy, he's like a cat burglar. He thinks if he goes through real slow the machine won't detect him.
jerry: Just go.
jerry: Anklets?
jerry: Really?
jerry: Over here?
jerry: (facing the lengthening line behind him) Ladies and gentlemen, I implore you.
jerry: That's it?
jerry: Alright.
jerry: I must have iron rich blood.
jerry: The Coast,
jerry: Who said that?
jerry: Oh no.
jerry: Yeah, Kramer. K-R-A-M-E-R. Uh, I don't know, wavy? George, how would you describe Kramer's hair?
jerry: Wavy.
jerry: Yeah, I'll hold on. Hey George, did you see a piece of paper I had on the nightstand here, like crumpled up, like a napkin?
jerry: 'Cause I had like three jokes on it, they were all perfectly worded just the way I wanted to have it. Can't find it. Hello?
jerry: I don't know, 6-3, George, how tall is Kramer?
jerry: About 6-3.
jerry: Coming.
jerry: Excuse me, what?
jerry: What blankets?
jerry: I don't know, whatever they do.
jerry: Tuck in, tuck in.
jerry: Excuse me, fine, you don't want me to tuck, put me down for a no-tuck.
jerry: Uh, hang on a second, You know what? Changed my mind, make it a tuck.
jerry: I'm tucking! Hello? Hello? They hung up on me. They don't know where Kramer is anyway.
jerry: Excuse me, um, did you see a piece of paper on the nightstand here earlier today crumpled up like a napkin?
jerry: Oh, okay, thanks.
jerry: I can't believe she threw that out. I had like the perfect wording of a whole joke I was gonna do about the X-ray counter at the airport, I was gonna do it on the Tonight Show, now I can't remember it.
jerry: They're not supposed to just take everything and throw it out!
jerry: Alright, just get your thing together and let's get out of here.
jerry: I like it tucked.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: I can't believe she threw out my napkin.
jerry: You gonna be alright here?
jerry: Alright, don't wander too far, I'll meet you back here in fifteen minutes.
jerry: How's it going?
jerry: Really?
jerry: You got toilet paper on your heel there.
jerry: So I'm going through the airport and I have to put my bag on that little uh, uh, the uh, that uh, the conveyor belt.
jerry: I was terrible.
jerry: Nah, did you hear the end? I couldn't remember what I was trying to say, that whole thing about the, uh...
jerry: Yeah. Because she threw out my napkin.
jerry: Yes, Lupe. I'm blaming Lupe.
jerry: Would you let go of my arm?! I'm trying to drive, you're getting us both killed!
jerry: Obviously we're gonna call the police and tell that he's not the guy.
jerry: Couldn't be the guy...nah.
jerry: How can you think of food at the time like this?
jerry: I told you to have breakfast, you should've had breakfast!
jerry: You should've had some eggs.
jerry: Have you ever heard of egg salad?
jerry: I've gotta to tell you about existence of egg salad?
jerry: I've gotta call the police, there's a pay phone over there.
jerry: I don't have any change. You've got any change?
jerry: Well, we need change and all I have is twenties.
jerry: So, break it.
jerry: So, buy something.
jerry: I don't know, some mints or TicTacs.
jerry: No, I just want some change.
jerry: Your breath is fine. It's delightful, it's delicious.
jerry: I just wanna call the police!
jerry: But is this an emergency?
jerry: How is this an emergency?
jerry: All right, I'll call 911. Think he did it? Could've he done it? Couldn't done it? How could've he done it? Couldn't be? Could it? Hello 911? How are you? I'm sorry it was just a reflex...I know it's an emergency number...it is an emergency...my friend is being accused of being a smog strangler and I know he didn't do it...they're putting me trough to the detective in charge of the investigation...what is my name? Who am I? I'm eh...George Costanza...
jerry: Oh, don't be a baby! What are you scared of?
jerry: Your name is a good name, Costanza. Sounds like it's stands for something, they'll believe us.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Oh yeah. Yes I have some very important information regarding the smog strangler. (George leans close) would you suck a mint or something. Can I come right now? I suppose, where are you located? Where is that? I don't know where we are. Where are we?
jerry: We don't know. He says ask somebody, ask that guy.
jerry: Hey, you know I'm on the phone with the police! Some guy just gave me a wise answer. Ask that woman.
jerry: George, it says it here on the phone. It's 12145 Ventura Boulevard. Aha, ok...do we know where the 101 is? (George shakes his head) No...do we know where 170 is? (George shakes his head) No...do we know where 134 is? (George just looks at Jerry) No. Aha, ok. (Jerry hangs up) He's gonna send a black and white to pick us up.
jerry: A cop car.
jerry: I thought it sounded kind of cool.
jerry: Oh, you are? I guaranty you, Lupe is going to tuck your covers in.
jerry: Her tip.
jerry: Ok.
jerry: Hey, get out of here...hey officer, he's fooling around back here.
jerry: I did not. You guys gonna go through some red lights?
jerry: But you could?
jerry: Why are you bothering them for?
jerry: Can I try it?
jerry: Scared the hell out of that guy.
jerry: Yeah, what about those English sirens, you know...eee-aaa-eee-aaa-eee-aaa...
jerry: Nice shotgun.
jerry: Clean as a whistle.
jerry: What is that, a 12 gauge?
jerry: 12 gauge. Seems to be the most popular gauge.
jerry: Mine too, love the 12 gauge.
jerry: 5-19? What's a 5-19?
jerry: I can't believe this. A 5-19?
jerry: Pull over? You can't pull over.
jerry: Pull over? The lieutenant is waiting to see us.
jerry: We have an appointment!
jerry: Great.
jerry: Which flavor?
jerry: Cops eating Milanos. What crazy town is this?
jerry: I think that's a 5-19.
jerry: They're busting this guy.
jerry: I can't believe this.
jerry: Hi, I'm Jerry.
jerry: Nothing.
jerry: Hot out.
jerry: No, a dollar, two tops.
jerry: Imagine, us narks?
jerry: Suspected serial killer, he didn't actually do it.
jerry: We're pretty sure.
jerry: Yeah, that's a good tip!
jerry: I read it in Ann Landers.
jerry: Kramer.
jerry: I wanna see what's happening.
jerry: We're doing fine. How are you?
jerry: Kramer, do you realize what's going on here? Do you know why you're here?
jerry: Kramer, you've been arrested as a serial killer!
jerry: Well, yeah...sure.
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Really? Did you hear that? Somebody else was killed!
jerry: While you were in jail. So you're free.
jerry: So Kramer, what are you going to do?
jerry: Yeah...
jerry: Kramer, she was murdered!
jerry: So you're not gonna come back to New York with us?
jerry: No, it's tarragon. Hey Kramer, I'm sorry about that whole fight we had about you having my apartment keys and everything.
jerry: Well, take it easy.
jerry: Oh, no...
jerry: Yeah, it's so nice when it happens to you.
jerry: No thanks.
jerry: It's been three days already, forget about Lupe.
jerry: No, I don't.
jerry: Yeah, maybe they should throw in a couple of lamps too.
jerry: How much did you wound up tipping her?
jerry: Well, communism didn't work.
jerry: Yeah, there's a new one in there.
jerry: Help yourself.
jerry: Kramer, here!
jerry: What?
jerry: Everything with you comes down to toilet paper.
jerry: That's always the first question with you. Why is that always your focus?
jerry: I don't know. Maybe they gave out fig leaf clumps to all the soldiers.
jerry: Maybe they should have a toilet paper museum. Would you like that? So we could see all the toilet paper advancements down through the ages. Toilet paper of the Crusades, the development of the perforation, the first six-pack . . .
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: George-
jerry: Oh thank you very much.
jerry: Really? Wow.
jerry: I'd be very interested in something like that.
jerry: Okay. Great. Thanks.
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: Nice meeting you.
jerry: They said they were interested in me.
jerry: You know, a TV show.
jerry: Yeah, I guess so.
jerry: Well, they want me to come up with an idea. I mean, I don't have any ideas.
jerry: Why should I care if my son's into gymnastics?
jerry: But gymnastics is not for everybody.
jerry: So what?
jerry: Yeah and...?
jerry: What person who runs an antique store gets involved in people's lives?
jerry: So someone comes in to buy an old lamp and all of a sudden I'm getting them out of a jam? I could see if I was a pharmacist because a pharmacist knows what's wrong with everybody that comes in.
jerry: No they're not, they used to be.
jerry: Oh like you do.
jerry: A circus?
jerry: I don't think so.
jerry: I don't think the network will go for it.
jerry: Look, I'm not pitching a show about freaks.
jerry: Hello Newman.
jerry: What's this all about?
jerry: I didn't know you had a motorctcle.
jerry: You have a girlfriend?
jerry: I never remember you with a girl.
jerry: This is a pretty bad deal for Kramer. You know a radar detector is worth much more than that helmet. I think you're cheating him.
jerry: All right.
jerry: You know you're getting gypped over here.
jerry: Gimme that - just gimme that. Here. Idiots!
jerry: Does that thing work?
jerry: ... I just got a postcard from Elaine?
jerry: Yeah, they're in London now. They'll be back in a few weeks.
jerry: No, nothing.
jerry: What do you need salsa for?
"jerry: You know why? Because people like to say ""salsa."" ""Excuse me, do you have salsa?"" ""We need more salsa."" ""Where is the salsa? No salsa?"""
"jerry: ""Don't you know the difference between seltzer and salsa?? You have the seltezer after the salsa!"""
jerry: What?
jerry: (dismissing) Yeah, right.
jerry: Just talking? Well what's the show about?
jerry: No story?
jerry: You've got to have a story.
jerry: And who is on the show? Who are the characters?
jerry: You?
jerry: So, on the show, there's a character named George Costanza?
jerry: And who else is on the show?
jerry: Now he's a character. (Pause) So everybody I know is a character on the show.
jerry: And it's about nothing?
jerry: So you're saying, I go in to NBC, and tell them I got this idea for a show about nothing.
"jerry: ""We""? Since when are you a writer?"
jerry: You want to go with me to NBC?
jerry: What do we got?
jerry: What idea?
jerry: I still don't know what the idea is.
jerry: Right.
jerry: So, we go into NBC, we tell them we've got an idea for a show about nothing.
"jerry: They say, ""What's your show about?"" I say, ""Nothing."""
jerry: (Nodding) I think you may have something there.
jerry: So, the show would be about my real life. And one of the characters would be based on you.
jerry: What do you mean you don't think so?
jerry: I don't understand. What don't you like about it?
jerry: Why not?
jerry: You're my neighbor. There's got to be a character based on you.
jerry: I don't understand what the big deal is.
jerry: Whatever you want.
jerry: You can't play Kramer.
jerry: But you can't act.
jerry: Okay, fine. We'll use Newman.
jerry: Nothin' What do you want?
jerry: Buyer beware.
jerry: Karma Kramer?
jerry: (To himself) Salsa, seltzer. Hey, excuse me, you got any salsa? No, not selzer, salsa. (George doesn't react) What's the matter?
jerry: You sure? You look a little pale.
jerry: What, are you nervous?
jerry: What?
jerry: This was your idea!
jerry: Dont' worry about it. They're just TV executives.
jerry: I told you not to come.
jerry: They'll give us water in there.
jerry: Oh God, it's Joe Devola.
jerry: This guy's a writer, he's a total nut. I think he goes to the same shrink as Elaine.
jerry: Oh God he saw me.
jerry: Hey Joe! HOW YOU DOING?
jerry: Oh, no, Just a custom. Uh, THAT'S MY FRIEND GEORGE. YOU LOOK GOOD.
jerry: Oh, no reason. You're into karate right?
jerry: What are you doing here?
jerry: AH, GOOD FOR YOU.
jerry: Well, ...
jerry: No, Uh, hey I guess I'll see you Sunday night.
jerry: Kramer's party.
jerry: No, no, he's not having a party. He's doing something. I don't know what it is. It's nothing. He's not doing anything.
jerry: No, I'm sure you are. I'm sure you are very close friends. Very close.
jerry: Give my best to Hinckley.
jerry: I can't believe what I just did. I didn't know kramer didn't invite him. I better call Kramer, ...
jerry: Relax. Who are they?
jerry: Course not.
jerry: They're nobody.
jerry: What about you?
jerry: Why not you?
jerry: Better.
jerry: No.
jerry: Yeah, it's one of my favorites.
jerry: Oh, it was very funny. There was one great scene with the chef - what was his name?
jerry: Oh, Pepe. Yeah, Pepe. And, uh, he was making tamales.
jerry: Well, we've thought about this in a variety of ways. But the basic idea is I will play myself-
jerry: Go ahead.
jerry: (To George) Well, it's not about nothing.
jerry: Well, maybe in philosophy. But, even nothing is something.
jerry: ..Well, as I was saying, I would play myself, and, as a comedian, living in New York, I have a friend, a neighbor, and an ex-girlfriend, which is all true.
jerry: Well, I don't know about the reading.. We didn't discuss the reading.
jerry: Well, uh, maybe something happens on the way to work.
jerry: Well, something happens.
jerry: (To Russell) How about this I manage a circus..
jerry: I don't even want to talk about it anymore. What were you thinking? What was going on in your mind? Artistic integrity? Where, where did you come up with that? You're not artistic and you have no integrity. You know you really need some help. A regular psychiatrist couldn't even help you. You need to go to like Vienna or something. You know what I mean? You need to get involved at the University level. Like where Freud studied and have all those people looking at you and checking up on you. That's the kind of help you need. Not the once a week for eighty bucks. No. You need a team. A team of psychiatrists working round the clock thinking about you, having conferences, observing you, like the way they did with the Elephant Man. That's what I'm talking about because that's the only way you're going to get better.
jerry: Hold it. I really want to be clear about this. Are you talking about the woman in the meeting? Is that the woman you're talking about?
jerry: IT'S COMPLETELY INAPPROPRIATE!
jerry: Oh, I forgot to call Kramer.
jerry: No, no this is more important.
jerry: No, I got to warn him that I told Joe Devola about his party.
jerry: Well we were standing uh, inn the waiting area there, and you know how Devola is. He's all, ... (buzzer)
jerry: And so, uh I felt very uncomfortable with him and you know I just blurted out something about your party.
jerry: Well, I didn't know that you didn't invite him.
jerry: I just a ssumed, ...
jerry: Of course. How are you?
jerry: Tell me what?
jerry: Uh, sorry, Excuse me one second. Hello.
jerry: Oh, gee, I can't talk right now. Why don't you give me your home number and I'll call you later.
jerry: Oh, I guess you don't want people calling you at home.
jerry: Well now you know how I feel. (Hangs up)
jerry: Kramer, are you drinking that milk?
jerry: What's the expiration date on that?
jerry: The third?
jerry: I think SHE saw it coming.
jerry: Look just because Kramer vomited on her doesn't mean the deal is dead.
jerry: Vommiting is not a deal breaker. If Hitler had vommited on Chamberlin, Chamberlind still would have given him Chekoslovakia.
jerry: What happened to you?
jerry: What? Devola? See I told you this guy is crazy. I can't believe this. What happened?
jerry: Boy, that is some kick.
jerry: Wow, Newman's helmet.
jerry: Me, why?
jerry: What does he want from me? I didn't do anything. See this is all Elaine's fault. She took off to Europe with his psychiatrist. He probably can't get his medication. Now I got some nut after me.
jerry: (going through couch cushions) Where the hell did I put this?
jerry: The remote, the remote, I can't find the remote. Did I lost, I lost it. Did you take it? Did you put it some place?
jerry: All right, what is this?
jerry: All right, very funny. I get it.
jerry: Come on. Go back to your apartment and fix it.
jerry: Your pants!
jerry: Don't you know? Look-look at your face! You only shaved the right side of your face! What is this? A joke?
jerry: Go look at your face in the mirror.
jerry: (pressing intercom) yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: You mean, you didn't know you were doing any of these things?
jerry: I bet this is from that kick from that crazy Joe Davola. You better see a doctor and get some X-rays.
jerry: From that woman at NBC?
jerry: (pointing Kramer) He drank it.
jerry: All right, well, we should all chip in I guess.
jerry: How much was it to clean the vest?
jerry: Can you get vomit out of suede?
jerry: What? Yo-yo Ma?
jerry: You just said 'Yo-yo Ma'.
jerry: He's a cellist. (to Kramer) You should see a doctor today.
jerry: I can't believe she sent you that dry-cleaning bill.
jerry: That doesn't really bode well for the show, does it?
jerry: Oh, yeah. Right. Like anybody's ever gonna do this! How did you get me to go along with that? A show about nothing!
jerry: (interrupts) What are you doing? What's wrong with you? What're you doing? Give me that phone! Go to your apartment and lie down, I'll make an appointment for a doctor today. (on the phone) Hello? Oh hi! I'm sorry. No, that's my next door neighbor. He's not quite himself. He got kicked in the head. What? Really? You're kidding! Today? Yeah! Sure! We could make it. Two o'clock? Yeah, we would do that. Okay. Great! Thanks a million! Okay, bye.
jerry: NBC! They wanna have another meeting about the idea.
jerry: I don't know about sixty.
jerry: Ted Danson! Now, how are you comparing us to Ted Danson?
jerry: Yes, you did. You said 'We're Ted Danson'!
jerry: You know, I think he wears a piece.
jerry: I'm ten minutes slow again! That's it for this piece of junk! I've had it.
jerry: Yeah! But it never works. You know we're supposed to be there by two o'clock. We should take a cab.
jerry: I'll pay for it.
jerry: Well, what is it you object to? The comfort? The Speed? The convenience?
jerry: Uncle Leo!
jerry: Hello there, how're you doing?
jerry: Good, good.
jerry: Good, fine.
jerry: Oh, no. I've been kinda busy. It's all.
jerry: (not enthousiastic at all) Oh, sure. Danny.
jerry: Oh, yeah, yeah. I remember.
jerry: (interrupts) I-I'm sorry Uncle Leo, I really gotta get going.
jerry: We, we got a big meeting with the president of NBC.
jerry: (seems sincere) Yeah, I'm really sorry, uh.
jerry: I'm sorry, really.
jerry: Sorry, really.
jerry: You see the look on my uncle's face? Did you see how insulted he was? What could I do? Waht are we supposed to do? You can't leave. There's no excuse good enough to justify walking away from a conversation with one of my relatives.
jerry: You could be a fireman on a fire truck on the way to a fire. You bump into one of my relatives. 'I'm sorry Uncle Leo, there's a building full of people burning down. I really do have to be running.' He'll go 'Go. Go ahead. Go to your fancy fire. If that's what you have to do.'
jerry: Why didn't you shave this morning?
jerry: Why?
jerry: Is that Joe Davola?
jerry: I can't live tlike this. I'm being stalked.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: All right. Look. Now, you promised you're gonna be a little more flexible on the nothing idea, okay? Jsut a little.
jerry: Wouldn't tune in.
jerry: No tune.
jerry: Just a huge massive coronary.
jerry: He couldn't believe it.
jerry: We would love to be in business. We'll do business. We're in business. It's... it's business. This is business.
jerry: Your off-Broadway play.
jerry: (backs his story) Hmm, hmm.
jerry: Oh! Taht's judgment. Yes, yes. Judgment with earrings on. Yeah.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Now, all we gotta do is write it.
jerry: Thanks.
jerry: Thank you, thanks.
jerry: Phone call? Who knows I'm here?
jerry: Bye thanks.
jerry: Why?
jerry: She did, you insisted.
jerry: Nah!
jerry: oh, I d-I don't know. I d---
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Thirteen thousand.
jerry: No, for both!
jerry: Oh, would you stop with the Ted Danson?
jerry: You're nuts!
jerry: He's somebody.
jerry: You're nobody.
jerry: He's good, you're not.
jerry: You're worse, much much worse. (crouches in booth) That's Davola!
jerry: Outside! I saw him outside!
jerry: Go outside and see if he's still there.
jerry: Well, what are we supposed to do? I gotta take Kramer to the doctor.
jerry: Good idea.
jerry: Thanks.
jerry: (back in booth) He's gonna get a muffin and then he'll walk us outside. This is a great way to go through life.
jerry: (bossy) What are you doing?
jerry: What, are you ordering food now?
jerry: What happened to the muffin?
jerry: All of a sudden you get hungry?
jerry: No! Enjoy your lunch.
jerry: All of a sudden he gets hungry.
jerry: I know!
jerry: Do you see him?
jerry: Well, either you see him or you don't.
jerry: (looking at the cop) What is he doing? Is he getting coffee? I think he's getting coffee.!
jerry: (still bossy) Did you just order coffee?
jerry: This is really too much.
jerry: Well, I'm sitting over there waiting for you to finish your sandwich for twenty minutes. Now you're drinking coffee, that's gonna be another ten minutes.
jerry: Hey you guys!
jerry: What are you doing here?
jerry: Hey, is Davola outside?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Eleven dollars for what?
jerry: (to Kramer) Hey, NBC okayed our idea. We're gonna make the pilot.
jerry: No.
jerry: (looking outside) Hey Newman, is that your red car?
jerry: I think you're getting a ticket.
jerry: Maybe this whole thing would be a good idea for the pilot.
jerry: Oh, like you know what you're talking about!
jerry: So George and I went up to NBC and we told them the idea for a series now we're just waiting to sign the contract.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What writer? It's a sitcom.
jerry: Soon, there's a couple of problems.
jerry: What do you expect? It's airline food.
jerry: How could you eat fish on a plane?
jerry: Well, George doesn't think $13,000 is enough money.
jerry: We're going to sign it. We're going to sign it. In fact George is out with the woman from NBC right now.
jerry: Um, I don't even know?
jerry: Oh uh ...
jerry: That's enough with this piece of junk I've had it. (throws watch in garbage)
jerry: Yeah, but it never works.
jerry: . . . it's uh, being fixed.
jerry: It's at the jeweler.
jerry: I'm not sending you the bill.
jerry: What are you talking about? It's my car. Let me pay for the gas.
jerry: Dad!
jerry: I have money. I make money.
jerry: You don't think I make money. That's what you think isn't it?
jerry: Yes you do. That's what you both think.
jerry: Dad I'm paying.
jerry: You're not paying.
jerry: No don't do this. You're not doing this. I will fight you. No you don't... No.
jerry: Boy, you got a lot of stuff here. . . . Dad, what are you doing?
jerry: Leave it. What about your back?
jerry: You come all the way up here to see a back specialist and you're lifting heavy suit cases.
jerry: Why did you tell this crazy guy that Kramer didn't invite him to his party?
jerry: I didn't know he wasn't invited.
jerry: It was a mistake.
jerry: He's got like a chemical imbalance. He needs to be on medication.
jerry: Kramer!!
jerry: He's joking.
jerry: Nooo.
jerry: He's not after me.
jerry: Who you gonna to call?
jerry: I didn't do anything.
jerry: No, he just doesn't like me.
jerry: You know it seems impossible.
jerry: Ma, I know this may be hard for you to understand but I am sure there are many people who do not like me.
jerry: It's true.
jerry: Um, I haven't got my watch on. It's being fixed.
jerry: Uh, next week.
jerry: Huh?
jerry: I don't know. They're, backed up.
jerry: Where'd I take it?
jerry: Where did I take it? Where Did I Take It? (stabbing a knife into a cutting board) Umm, to that place on, uh Columbus and 85th. Okay?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: No, Kramer, I don't want you to say anything to him.
jerry: I'd like to follow the regular procedures. I don't want any special treatment.
jerry: Be right back. (follows Kramer out)
jerry: There's no watch ... I threw it in the garbage can on the street. It didn't keep good time. My parents gave it to me, but I didn't like it. So don't mention it again, okay!
jerry: All right.
jerry: You what? You passed? How could you do that?
jerry: Let me explain to you what you just did. There are literally hundreds of people trying to get pilot deals with them this year. They go with maybe, five. Okay, if we pass, that's it. They go to the next show.
jerry: We're lucky they're even interested in the idea in the first place. We got a show about nothing. With no story. What do you think, they're up there going, hey maybe we should give those two guys, who have no experience and no idea, more money!?
jerry: Well, I think you're wrong.
jerry: Yes we will.
jerry: I just said that.
jerry: So good for you.
jerry: What are you repeating everything I'm saying?
jerry: Well George is an idiot.
jerry: No I don't want ?em.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Federal Express? Come on up. . . . Federal Express. I'm not expecting a package.
jerry: You think so?
jerry: So you want to just abolish all home package deliveries.
jerry: Who is it?
jerry: I missed you.
jerry: Yeah, . . . seriously.
jerry: Yeah, big missing goin' on (spreads arms wide)
jerry: Oh, it's my parents. My father came up to see a back specialist.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: So tell us about the trip. How's Dr. Reston?
jerry: Things are good?
jerry: Uh oh.
jerry: Did you see that?
jerry: It's a tell. You gotta tell.
jerry: When you ask someone about their relationship and they touch their face, you know it's not going too well. Go ahead ask me how it's going with somebody.
jerry: Good, going good (scratches chin) And the higher up on the face you go the worse the relationship is getting. You know it is like - pretty good - not bad - I gotta get out. (scratches chin, nose then covers eyes with hands)
jerry: What are you eating my peanut butter out of the jar with your disgusting index fingers? This is a sickening display. (takes the peanut butter jar away from George)
jerry: (To George) You're off bread. (To Elaine) So what happened is it over?
jerry: Why not?
jerry: Svengali.
jerry: Svenjolly.
jerry: George?
jerry: Well maybe he's got like a, cheerful mental hold on you.
jerry: Nice try.
jerry: So you didn't even let the doctor treat you?
jerry: Hi Uncle Leo.
jerry: Hey, where's the waiter. Dad, what say we have some red meat tonight. Let's live a little. .
jerry: Could we continue this another time.
"jerry: It's an entire industry of bad gifts, aren't they? All those executive gifts, any stupid, goofy, brass, wood thing, they put a piece of green felt on the bottom. ""It's a golf, desk, tie and stress organiser, dad."" But to me, nothing compares with the paperweight as a bad gift. There's no better way than a paperweight, to express to someone that, ""I refuse to put any thought into this at all."" Where are these people working that the papers are just blowing right off of their desks? What, are their desks screwed to the back of a flat-bed truck going down the highway or something? What, are they typing up in the crow's nest of a clipper ship? What do you need a paperweight for?"
jerry: Oh, you know these jewellers, they're enigmas. They're mysteries, wrapped in a riddle.
jerry: She's okay.
jerry: She's nice.
jerry: She's all right.
jerry: She's not beautiful.
jerry: So you ask her out.
jerry: Why not?
jerry: She's pretty. She's not beautiful.
jerry: I think that's a little extreme.
jerry: Ah, very good.
jerry: No thanks, just the check.
jerry: What?
jerry: Come on.
jerry: What am I gonna say?
jerry: Well, you made me uncomfortable.
jerry: In the back, on your right.
jerry: Dad!
jerry: Will you let me pay just once.
jerry: How you gonna pay? You don't even have a wallet!
jerry: What're you gonna do?
jerry: Alright, fine. You figure something out. I'd be very curious to know how you pick up a check with no money. 'Cause if this works, the whole monetary system's obsolete, we're back to wampum. (standing) I'm going to the bathroom.
jerry: Uh, yeah. (broaching a subject) Hey uncle Leo, I hope I wasn't uh, rude to you that day I bumped into you on the street. Uh, I really did have to get to a meeting.
jerry: So you found that watch in the garbage can, huh?
jerry: Oh, heh. You know, a friend of mine has a watch just like that. I'd love to replace it for him as a gift.
jerry: Yeah, I know. Maybe uh, you wanna sell me that one.
jerry: (pulling Leo back in) Hang on a second. I got a little proposition for you.
jerry: Alright, two hundred, but that's as high as I can go. I really think you're being unreasonable here!
jerry: Look, I happen to know how much that watch cost. It's a sixty dollar watch, you paid forty to get it fixed. That's a hundred dollars. I'm offering you two hundred!
jerry: Aww, right. Three hundred, plus fifty for the repair. Three fifty, that's it!
jerry: Yeah, I think I do.
jerry: (under his breath) This is unbelievable.
jerry: I can't believe I'm doing this. I never do stuff like this.
jerry: Oh. (chuckles) Really? You don't seem that desperate.
jerry: Uh huh. Well uh, I'll give you a call, and thanks for the fish. By the way, you know why fish are so thin?
jerry: They eat fish.
"jerry: How come the psychiatrist, every, the hour is only fifty minutes? Wha, what do they do with that ten minutes that they have left? Do they just sit there going, ""Boy, that guy was crazy. I couldn't believe the things he was saying. What a nut! Who's coming in next? Oh, no, another headcase!"""
jerry: I know, I know.
jerry: I was always late. It was frustrating me. I'm sorry, I really am.
jerry: I woulda taken you to the airport.
jerry: Neither do I. (to intercom) Yeah?
jerry: Come on up. (to parents) It's George.
jerry: Ah, George turned it down.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Because of Ted Danson.
jerry: (fetching a drink from the fridge) Hey, who knows, maybe we'll wind up getting more money.
jerry: What about NBC? Did you hear anything?
jerry: Heyy! Terrific.
jerry: Aww...
jerry: ...C'mon.
jerry: So what'd we get?
jerry: Beautiful!
jerry: Lemme see if I understand this. In other words, you held out
jerry: You know, the basic idea of negotiation, as I understand it, is to get your price to go... up.
jerry: You know, this is how they negotiate in the bizarro world.
jerry: (to intercom) Yeah?
jerry: Alright, we're coming down.
jerry: Dad, before we go, I got a little something for you.
jerry: A present.
jerry: C'mon, you lost your wallet, I figured I'd get you another one.
jerry: Ah hah, alright, let's go.
jerry: Okay.
jerry: (pointedly) Yeah, I'm good for about four thousand dollars.
jerry: Hey, uncle Leo.
jerry: How you doing?
jerry: This is some beautiful parking spot you got here.
jerry: Yeah. Hey, dad, you sure you don't need any more money?
jerry: Alright, I'm just joking. Listen, have a nice trip.
jerry: Take care now. So long.
jerry: Oh, he took it. I put four hundred dollars in the new wallet.
jerry: He lost all that cash. It was the only way I could give it back to him, otherwise he wouldn't accept it.
"jerry: ...main difference between the women's wallet and the man's wallet, is the photo section. True? Women carry with them a photograph of every person they've ever met, every day in their whole lives, since the beginning of time. And every picture is out of date. You know what I mean? It's, ""Here's my cousin, three years old. She's in the marines now."" ""This is my dog. He died during the Johnson administration."" You know. You get stopped by a cop, no licence, no registration, (waves imaginary wallet) ""Here's fifty-six people that know me."" Cop goes. ""Alright, ma'am, just wanted to make sure you had some friends, move it along. Routine pal check."""
"jerry: Have you ever called someone up, and you're disappointed when they answer the phone? You wanted the machine. You know, and you're always kind of thrown off, (left hand up to side of face, pretending its a receiver) you go ""Oh, I eh, I - I didn't know you were there, I ah - just wanted to leave a message saying, sorry I missed you."""
jerry: Well this is it.
jerry: Oh, you're welcome. You know I think I ate too much of that garlic.
jerry: No, I ate the whole plate. I didn't know those little things were garlic. I thought they were peanuts.
jerry: No, I mean, I don't think so.
jerry: No, no, no. I'm not happy, I'm not lucky, and I don't go. If anything I'm sad stop unlucky.
jerry: That's not funny Naomi.
jerry: I didn't mean to be funny there. Why don't you check the TV guide. I think uh, Holocaust is on.
jerry: This thing has never worked right. (holding the machine in his hand)
"jerry: Well, first of all Elmer Fudd is one of the most beloved internationally known cartoon characters of all time. ""I'm going to kill that cwazy wabbit ... hahahahahaaa "" Come on. Not only that, a juicer is one of the healthiest ways ... (Naomi exits) it makes the juice ... it extracts the-the pulp and-and-and the vitamins, for-for long life and-and-and vitality."
jerry: How could you leave a message like that on my machine.?
jerry: Because I didn't think anyone would leave it!
jerry: Well, now she's not going away for this weekend.
jerry: Nah, it's better anyway. I mean really. What was going to happen? I'm a comedian. How can I go out with a girl with a laugh like that? I mean izz-it's like ah, it's like Coco Chanel goin' out with a fish monger. You know, cause she's with all the perfumes and a fish monger's pretty bad smell.
jerry: Yeah but if I ask Elaine, then Kramer will feel slighted.
jerry: Yeah, .. wait a minute do you smell smoke?
jerry: Ah, Kramer.
jerry: Will you put that thing out before you start another fire. You had to give him a box of cigars.
jerry: Westchester? Isn't that a private club?
jerry: and GEORGE Ye, hu, um Ye,
jerry: Yeah, too bad.
jerry: Yeah
jerry: They sell them by the side of the road. Blueberry, Blackberry ....
jerry: Boysenberry, Huckleberry ...
jerry: Raspberry, Strawberry ...
jerry: Peach.
jerry: Come on. I don't want to tag along with George and Susan. If you're there it'll be a better group.
jerry: Ah, it's an autographed picture for my dry cleaner. I never know what to write on these things. I hate doin' this.
jerry: Yeah, see that's why I hate it. So, come on, you going to go?
jerry: Well, um same bed ...
jerry: .. and uh, underwear and a tee shirt.
jerry: Well you'd be naked of course.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Oh, the Yoo Hoo?
jerry: I love Yoo Hoo.
jerry: A bubble?
jerry: You get in the bubble with him?
jerry: Oh, I thought it was like an igloo.
jerry: Ah ha.
jerry: So you have no control over the remote?
jerry: Mmm
jerry: Awe... That's nice!
jerry: Hu, well, tomorrow, I, ...
jerry: Yeah, uh, Ok, uh, tomorrow uh, where da ya - where do you live, uh, up town? Upper west side?
jerry: Up state! Hummm.
jerry: He's a bubble boy.
jerry: Yes. A bubble boy.
jerry: He lives in a bubble.
jerry: No, that's what I thought but apparently it's just a big piece of plastic dividing the room.
jerry: That's no good. He wouldn't last ten minutes in there. Anyway what can I do, I promised I'd go visit him tomorrow. It's his birthday. I can't go to the cabin.
jerry: I don't know, up state, Falls, somethin'
jerry: You think we can do it?
jerry: Oh, great. Ok we'll goin' away. I think I'm excited.
jerry: Ohh.
jerry: OK.
jerry: Ah, I don't know if he likes her as much as he likes it.?
jerry: What's he doing? What is his hurry?
jerry: I know he once went from West 81st Street to Kennedy Airport in 25 minutes.
jerry: Look at him.
jerry: What's he doing? Is he out of his mind? Do you see him? I don't even think I see him anymore. Where is he?
jerry: No, no that's not him. What happened to him? I can't believe it. I lost him. That stupid idiot. Now what are we going to do?
jerry: I don't even know where the bubble boy lives. I - I don't even remember the name of the town.
jerry: No, I was following him.
jerry: Because, HE'S my directions.
jerry: We make all these plans - this idiot goes a hundred miles an hour - the whole weekend's over - incredible - just like that -
jerry: I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. I DON'T KNOW WHERE I AM.
jerry: (answering machine) Leave a message. I'll call you back. Thanks.
jerry: (ranting) I can't believe how a little thing like George going too fast - and my whole weekend is gone - the plans, the packing, ... everything.
jerry: Why do you keep bringing up the bubble boy. You don't have to mention the bubble boy? I know about the bubble boy. I'm aware of the bubble boy. Why do you keep reminding me about the bubble boy?
jerry: I'll have a cup of coffee and a turkey club.
jerry: (whispers) You can't just have water.
jerry: Well this is not like a park bench where you just come in and sit down. It's a business.
jerry: Oh, no.
jerry: Elaaaiinne...
jerry: Uh, I don't have anymore pictures Elaine.
jerry: I'm not lying.
jerry: She'll have a cup of coffee and a broiled chicken.
jerry: Uh, THANKS! This is FUN! Yeah, this turned out to be a GREAT weekend.
jerry: Oh, it's comin'. - Here ya' go.
jerry: No good?
jerry: Well.
jerry: Yeah, yeah, you're right. Excuse me, excuse me. Would you mind. I'd like to take the picture back.
jerry: I, I'm not happy with what I wrote.
jerry: No, believe me it's not good. I'll mail you a new one with something really funny written on it.
jerry: No, look, you don't understand. I, I want the picture.
jerry: Look, I was nice enough to give you the picture. I don't like what I wrote. I don't want it up there. Now please just give it back to me.
jerry: I want that picture.
jerry: I'm not paying for anything until I get that back.
jerry: Well, maybe I'll just take it back.
jerry: What are you doing? You're choking me. Elaine!
jerry: No, I want the picture back.
jerry: The Bubble Boy? He lives around here?
jerry: What happened to you? You were going like a hundred miles an hour.
jerry: Hey, Happy Birthday.
jerry: Fire engines?
jerry: Yeah,
jerry: Holy cow! look at that!
jerry: What are you two doin' here?
jerry: You didn't ... (makes motion like he's lighting a cigar)
jerry: She hasn't told her father yet?
"jerry: ""We're""? What do you mean, ""We're""?"
jerry: You're meetin' the father for the first time?
jerry: (Chuckles slightly) Well, you'll make quite an impression on him when you tell him how you burned his cabin down.
jerry: (Laughs) I mean, the whole thing is ironic. Think of it Here the guy is nice enough to give you a box of very fine Cuban cigars..
jerry: No, but wait, wait And then you dump them off onto Kramer..
jerry: (Continuing) ..Who, who proceeds to burn the man's cabin down with one of those very same cigars! (Topping off his observation) It's very comical..
jerry: (Persisting) No, no, we put this off long enough. Today's the day.
jerry: (Agreeing) C'mon. It's not even a house - it's, like, a cabin.
jerry: (Blunt) Well, maybe not us, but two men could.
jerry: What, you got a problem with the pen now?
jerry: Alright, let's just get to work. (They both move into the living room - ready to start writing their script. Jerry sits down) NBC Pilot, Seinfeld project. Act I, Scene A.
jerry: (Wanting to get started) Just - just park yourself. (George reluctantly sits on the sofa) Alright. Act I, Scene A.
jerry: No, no thank you.
jerry: Act I, Scene A..
jerry: (Eagerly reaching for the phone) Yes. (George turns the TV on, and begins watching as Jerry dials the number) Hi, is Elaine there? Oh, uh, Hi, Sandra. Uh, yeah. I can hold. (To George) Every time I call I gotta chit-chat with her assistant for, like, twenty minutes. (Back into the phone) Oh, hi, Sandra. Listen, I'm at a pay phone, and there's lots of people here waiting to use it. (Yelling out for believability) I'll be off in a minute! (To Sandra) Yeah, could you just put me through to Elaine? Okay, thanks! (He turns to George) Are you thinking of ideas? (George, picking his teeth with his finger, is absorbed into the television. He seems to not even notice Jerry) Listen, Elaine, is there any way I could get through to you directly? Every time I call Sandra bends my ear for, like, twenty minutes. (Pause) So we're on for later?
jerry: Okay, let's go. (George shuts the television off, ready to work)
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Okay, how about this I'm in my apartment, you come in.
jerry: Here we go.
jerry: Yeah, come on. (Kramer gives out a frustrated sigh) What's with you?
jerry: Why?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What?!
jerry: (Looking at his watch) You got four hours! What about the script?
jerry: Right after we get off the phone, then you go and tell her that?! Well, of course she knows it was me who complained! Now I'm responsible for this woman's quitting. Oh, this is unbelievable!
jerry: (Caving in) Ohh.. dial the number. (Elaine picks up the phone, and starts to dial) How could you do this?
"jerry: (Muttering) Oh, just trying to (Rudely grabs the phone from her) help me.. (Into the phone) Hello? Sandra? Hi, uh, this is Jerry Seinfeld. (Elaine now has her hand in a bowl of popcorn - grabbing a fistful) Listen, I - I just want to tell you, (Jerry sternly grabs Elaine's hand - forcing her to drop the popcorn, then shoves her hand away. Elaine sits back like a scolded child) There's been a terrible misunderstanding See, I told Elaine that, uh, it was a real treat talking to you on the phone, and she thought I was being sarcastic, you know, 'cause I'm a comedian and all. She thought I meant (Deeply sarcastic) ""Yeah, it was a real treat talking to her on the phone."" (Back to normal) You know, but I was really being sincere.. No, of course I like you.. Tonight? ..Um, uh, hold on a second. (To Elaine, whispering) Now she wants to have a drink with me. (Elaine mouths out ""Just go"" while making gestures. Jerry, again, gives in. Back on the phone) Yeah, I think I can.. Um.. yeah, I know where that is.. Ok.. uh, I'll see you there. Okay, bye. (Hangs up, peeved) Now I gotta have a drink with her."
jerry: What?!
jerry: What? What?! You were the one who was talking dirty. I was just trying to keep up!
jerry: Why? It didn't mean anything. I was just trying to join in so you wouldn't feel embarrassed.
jerry: (Getting slightly offended) I'm not sick. (Pointing at her) You - you said much sicker things than me.
jerry: I really think you're making too much of this.
jerry: Let me walk you to a cab.
jerry: I mean, the main thing is that this is just between us, and that'll be the end of it.
jerry: (Calling after her) I mean, people - they're not interested in things like this. They don't want to hear about it. They really don't.
jerry: So, we're.. uhh, drinkin' and talkin', and uhh, so, she starts rubbing my leg.
jerry: (Sarcastic) Have you ever told a woman to stop touching your leg?
"jerry: I mean, I know it's the wrong thing to do. She works in Elaine's office. I know it's wrong - but I can't get that hand off my leg. I mean, I'm looking at the hand, and I'm thinking, ""That hand should not be on my leg."" But I can't make my brain to get my mouth to say the words, ""Would you mind?!"""
jerry: I don't know, they're working on a whole other level..
jerry: So we go back to my apartment..
jerry: So, we're, uh, foolin' around there.. you know, it's getting a little passionate.. (Scoots closer to George, to prevent others from hearing) and, uh, she starts with the dirty talking.
jerry: (Modest) Oh, you know, the usual..
jerry: Typical things.
jerry: She says, uh.. (Mumbles something inaudible. George, so shocked by what he's just heard, accidentally squeezes the ketchup bottle - ketchup squirts out and files off-screen. George reacts deeply)
jerry: ..And then she starts talking about her panties.
jerry: So I said something.
jerry: (Defensively) Now, bear in mind, I am just trying to keep up.
"jerry: Okay? So, she's taking about her panties, so, uh.. So, I said, ""You mean the panties your mother laid out for you?"""
jerry: (Throwing up his hands) I don't know! It just popped out.
jerry: She flipped out! Just left.
jerry: Look, the main thing is I don't want Elaine to know about any of this. I mean, especially the panty remark. I mean, it's embarrassing. And she's never let me hear the end of it.
jerry: She will tell her. She's going back to work. I talked her into it - how stupid was that? (Changing subject as they both collect money to pay for the check) Hey, so, Susan's father took that news pretty hard, huh?
jerry: I guess he failed to see the humor in it.
jerry: (Getting up) Alright, big work day.
jerry: Let's go.
jerry: Right now.
jerry: You and me.
jerry: Alright.
"jerry: (Reading from his notebook) I got You enter, you go ""Hi"", and I go, ""Hello."" Now.. we need something here.."
jerry: Come in, we're taking a break.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: (Stirring, he gets up to answer the buzzer) Alright, let's get going. C'mon, c'mon now. (Approaches the intercom) C'mon, let's get it together.. (Through intercom) Yeah?
jerry: C'mon up. (Slightly opens the door for Elaine)
jerry: (Agreeing) Yeah, we should.
jerry: Yeah. Wha - what, does she live with them?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: What?
jerry: Well, then, you've just got to fire her! Don't even think about it - there's no two ways about it.
jerry: Talk? Did I talk? It - you're darn right I talk to her! We talked up a storm - and I concluded from the basis of these talks that this isn't anybody you should be talking to.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: Oh yeah. Yeah, in fact, if George and I weren't so busy here working on the script, I'd do it myself.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Ah, just - takin' a little break.
jerry: (Looking at his watch ) Yeah..
jerry: Yeah. (Tapping his watch) Look at the time.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, and, (Pointing to his watch) because of the.. (Slowly exiting) time.
jerry: (Waving good bye) We'll see ya.
jerry: Alright, let's go.
jerry: Right now.
jerry: You and me.
jerry: No foolin'
"jerry: (Looking at his notebook) Alright, I got, uh, you come in, you say ""Hi"", and I say ""Hello""."
"jerry: Yeah.. how about this I say ""How's it goin'?"""
jerry: (Getting up to answer the door) Alright, did you get that line?
jerry: Did you write it down?
jerry: Okay.. (Opens the door to a frantic Elaine)
jerry: What?!
jerry: What?! How?
jerry: What calls?!
jerry: Oh, did - did she say anything else to you?
jerry: So she just left the office - didn't say a word to you about anything?
jerry: (Smiling to himself) Beautiful.
jerry: Oh, no, not beautiful.
jerry: Hey, look, I'm going to pay for that.
jerry: (Taking out his checkbook) No, I insist. I was the one who encouraged you to fire her - the whole thing was all my-
jerry: (Pauses, noting Elaine's quick accept) fault. (Starts to write a check out, then stops, looking at the door) Do you smell smoke?
jerry: Oh, how you doing? Nice to meet you.
jerry: Oh. (Notices Louis' jacket) Isn't that, uh, your..
jerry: Uh, yeah, I'm familiar with some of his writing. (George shoots Jerry a smirk, then returns to his book) Alright, (Hand the check to Elaine) look, we gotta get back to work. We just had a big breakthrough here.
jerry: (Moving back into the living room) Okay.
jerry: (answering machine) leave a message and I?ll call you back, thanks. JOE DIVOLA Jerry, Joe Divola. *Pbt* *Pbt* *Pbt* I have a hair on my tongue, I can't get it off, you know how much I hate that? Course you do, you put it there. I know what you said about me Seinfeld. I know you badmouthed me to the execs at NBC, put the kibosh on my deal. Now I?m gonna put the kibosh on you. You know I?ve kiboshed before, and I will kibosh again.
jerry: About what?
jerry: Nah, I don't wanna go.
jerry: I-I-I don't like the opera. What are they singing for? Who sings? You got something to say, say it!
jerry: All right, all right.
jerry: So why don't they talk like that now?
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: I don't know
jerry: Well it?s very flattering. How did you get these tickets, I heard they're impossible to get.
jerry: I don't know, opera, it?s not my kind of thing.
jerry: No, wait a minute, wait a minute, that?s not fair, what about George, Susan and Elaine, what do you need me for?
jerry: Well I guess if I?m the Miana I should go. All right, all right.
jerry: Hi!
jerry: So I finally get to meet your pal Joey.
jerry: Yeah, so Joey?s a great lover of the opera
jerry: Well I?m looking forward to meeting him.
jerry: Where are you going, what?s the rush?
jerry: Oh, good, men love that!
jerry: Hey!
jerry: Ooo, could be from that blonde
jerry: (shouting) Kramer what am I going to do did you hear that that guy's gonna put a kibosh on me he's crazy he's out of his mind....
jerry: What the hell he's supposed to be on medication I don't understand he told me he's getting medication what happened to his medication!?
jerry: I'm gonna call the cops. That?s what I?m doing, I?m calling the cops.
jerry: What do you mean they're not going to do anything, they're the cops, they gotta do something, he just put the kibosh on me, do you know what the kibosh means, its a kibosh!
jerry: I mean it's a terrible mistake, I mean he thinks I ruined some deal of his at NBC, I don't know anything about any deal at NBC.
jerry: That?s what I?ll do, I?ll just call him and tell him, I?ll tell him. That?s all I?ll do. He's a human being, I?ll talk to him. He'll understand. Right?
jerry: Oh, I got the machine.
jerry: Nice!
jerry: (into phone) Hello Joe, listen this is Jerry Seinfeld, I really think there?s been a huge colossal misunderstanding,
jerry: and I feel if we can just talk about this we can straighten the whole thing out, so listen, so call me back. Bye.
jerry: (on phone) But officer, he threatened me! I don't understand, that?s not right! What if it was the President of the United States I bet you'd investigate. So what?s the difference, I?m a comedian of the United States, and I?ll tell you I?m under just as much pressure. Alright, thanks anyway, ok bye.
jerry: (cautiously) Who is it?
jerry: Well, well, look at you. It?s a little skimpy there isn't it?
jerry: Ooo, that was a bad toast.
jerry: I never heard anybody curse in a toast.
jerry: There were old people there, all the relatives. You were like a Red Fox record. I mean, at the end of the toast nobody even drank. They were just standing there, they were just frozen! That might have been one of the worst all time toasts.
jerry: What do you mean not going? why not?
jerry: Why doesn't she pay for hers?
jerry: It's nice to get a reach.
jerry: Who is it?
jerry: Because of Divola! Get in here... How come you're not dressed?
jerry: You're going like this?
jerry: I thought you said people dress up when they go to the opera!
jerry: Well what about me! If you're going like that, I?m not going like this.
jerry: Why should I be uncomfortable just because my apartment is closer to town hall than yours?
jerry: All right, all right, I?ll wear this. It's bad enough I?ve got to go to the opera I?ve got to sit next to ozzie nelson over here.
jerry: Would you turn that down! What is that crap!
jerry: Oh beautiful. Listen, we've got a little problem here, we've got two extra tickets.
jerry: Well Susan isn't going and Elaine just left me a message her friend isn't going either.
jerry: Oh yeah right.
jerry: All right, you guys listen, I've got to wait here for Elaine, I'll meet you in front of the theatre.
jerry: You sprayed him in the eyes with Binaca?
jerry: See, I don't get that. First they come out with the regular, then a year later they come out with the cherry. They know that we like the cherry, start with cherry! Then come out with the regular!
jerry: Well you should hear the message from my nut. Where's George and Kramer, I want to get inside already, I don't like standing out here, I feel very vulnerable.
jerry: Hey, hey, what are you doing, that?s my quarter.
jerry: I was just flipping it, it's mine.
jerry: All right, do you want the quarter, take the quarter, but don't try and tell me it's yours.
jerry: What, do you think I care about the money? Is that what you think? You want me to show you what I care about money? Here look, here look at this, here's a dollar here look, there, that?s how much I care about money.
jerry: Oh yeah, well why don?t you Just get lost.
jerry: Because I was standing here, that?s why.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: I kinda like this opera crowd, I feel tough... Anybody else got a problem?
jerry: Where are they already?
jerry: Hey, look, there's Bobby Eighteen?s father-in-law, Mr Reichman. George and I were just talking about that today, I can?t believe it! That?s the guy who threw George out of the wedding.
jerry: Do you remember the curse toast?
jerry: So, can you believe that message? Now I?ve got to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
jerry: Crazy Joe Divola
jerry: What do you mean? Why wouldn't I know his name?
jerry: I never told you his name.
jerry: Joe Divola.
jerry: How do you know his name?
jerry: Oh my god, its Joe Divola
jerry: That madman is trying to kill me.
jerry: Oh! He said that! Can you imagine what he'll do if he sees me with you! He'll think I?m the one who ruined his deal at NBC and took away his girl, he'll put a kibosh on me!
jerry: I don't have anything, I gave it to that guy.
jerry: I'm telling you, the guy took.....
jerry: That is one angry clown!
"jerry: The hardest part about being a clown, it seems to me, would be that you're constantly referred to as a clown. ""Who was that clown?"", ""I'm not working with that clown, did you hire that clown?"", ""The guy's a clown!"". How do you even start into being a clown, how do you know that you want to be a clown, I guess you get to a point where you're pants look so bad, it's actually easier to become a clown than having the proper alterations done. Because if you think about it, a clown, if there isn't a circus around them, is really just a very annoying person. You're in the back seat of this guys Volkswagen, ""What, you're picking somebody else up? Oh man!"""
jerry: (Singing) Camera, curtains, lights - This is it, we'll hit the heights - Oh what heights we'll hit - On with the show this is it!
jerry: Oh there's that clown again, what does he want from me. Look I?m serious, I?m not kidding, I don't have the quarter, that guy took it.
jerry: Binaca?
jerry: Come on, you gotta let us in
jerry: We have tickets, we just don't have 'em with us.
jerry: You don't understand, someone's after us, a crazy clown is trying to kill us.
jerry: We thought he was with you.
jerry: Boy, some cast, huh? Pavarotti, Aver Martone.
jerry: She's playing, Pagliacci?s wife, Nedda.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Susan! What are you doing here?
jerry: Where's George?
jerry: Uncomfortable? How does you think I feel?.. Hey let me ask you something, how much did you pay for that ticket?
jerry: Kramer, who'd you sell your ticket to?
jerry: I had some friends drag me to an opera recently, you know how they've got those little opera glasses, you know, do you really need binoculars, I mean how big do these people have to get before you can spot 'em. These opera kids they're going two-fifty, two-eighty, three-twenty-five, they're wearing big white woolly vests, the women have like the breastplates, the bullet hats with the horn coming out. If you can't pick these people out, forget opera, think about optometry, maybe that?s more you're thing.
jerry: We're dead.
jerry: We are dead.
jerry: All day tomorrow? We had a month and a half to come up with something and we didn't do anything.
jerry: Let me ask you something. When's the last time you went skiing?
jerry: I think you can take the lift ticket off your jacket now.
jerry: So what? You can't meet anybody. You're going on with Susan.
jerry: Hey, see those two women over there? I almost dated the one on the right. She's in the closet business.
jerry: What is it your business?
jerry: She reorganizes your closet and shows you how to maximize your closet space. She looked into my closet.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: So, she mentioned she had a boyfriend and then it hit me. What do I need more closet space for? (Across the room) Hi, Marla.
jerry: George, Marla.
jerry: Stacey.
jerry: George, Stacey.
jerry: George.
jerry: Trip to Berlin?
jerry: Oh, right, right.
"jerry: Yes, yes, I did. But, you know, I was watching it on CNN, and they covered it so well I thought, ""Why knock my brains out?"""
jerry: Really?
jerry: Oh, did he like it?
jerry: So, are you gonna go out with her?
jerry: What about Susan?
jerry: Depends.
jerry: On many factors.
jerry: Well, how long you've been seeing her. What's your phone call frequency? Are you on a daily?
jerry: What about Saturday nights? Do you have to ask her out, or is a date implied?
jerry: She got anything in your medicine cabinet?
jerry: Ah hah. Let me ask you this. Is there any tampax in your house?
jerry: Well, I'll tell you what you've got here.
jerry: You got yourself a girlfriend.
jerry: I'm looking at a guy in a semi-daily with tampax in his house and an implied date on Saturday night. I would like to help you out, but...
jerry: You're going to make a good father someday.
jerry: Fine. Break up with her. But you know what this means?
jerry: The script, the pilot, the TV show. That's all over.
jerry: Figure it out. She's one of the executives at NBC that's gonna make the decision whether or not they pick up the show. She's one of our biggest fans. You drop her off, you think they're gonna pick us up?
jerry: you know, it's a very interesting situation. Here you have a job that can get you girls. But, you also have a relationship. But if you try and get rid of the relationship so you can get the girls, you lose the job. You see the irony?
jerry: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah.
jerry: This is your plan?
jerry: I don't think you are.
jerry: Please, and be brutal. I have no closet sensitivity.
jerry: I don't think I am.
jerry: Try me.
jerry: Everything?
jerry: You're quite mad, you know. (Kramer enters) Oh, I don't believe this. (Goes into other room) Hey?
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: No.
jerry: This is not a good time.
jerry: What did you have to give your TV away to George for?
jerry: Yeah, but now you're in here all the time. (Marla enters from other room)
jerry: Marla, Kramer.
jerry: Why don't you go out? It's nice out.
jerry: There's weather.
jerry: I'm tellin' George to give you your TV back.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Kramer... (points to Marla)
jerry: So your boyfriend never came back from Berlin.
jerry: Oh, you must have been devastated being left for a wall.
jerry: Ah hah. (Buzzer) Excuse me one second. Yeah?
jerry: Come on up. Oh, it's Elaine, she's just a friend of mine. I don't know what she's doing here now. (Buzzer) I'm sorry. What?
jerry: Ugh. So you were saying there was this problem.
jerry: Snapple?
jerry: Go on.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Hi, um. Marla, Elaine.
jerry: Oh, thanks a lot, two weeks late. Now that costs me thirty-five dollars to see Havana.
jerry: I like that thing in your hair there.
jerry: So we'll talk about the hooks then?
jerry: She's a virgin, she just told me.
jerry: Well it's not like spotting a toupee.
jerry: No, no, I mean...
jerry: Elaine, Elaine... (Buzzer) Yeah?
jerry: A virgin.
jerry: I don't know. I'm very attracted to her. That accent, it's so sexy.
jerry: You need a little pioneer spirit. You know, you don't have any of that Lewis and Clark in you.
jerry: Yeah, me too.
jerry: All right, but then we gotta get some work done. Let me just call Kramer, see if want anything. (Calls) Hey, we ordering Chinese food. If you want anything-- (Kramer enters quickly) let me know what it is and I'll order for you.
jerry: All right, let's go. We don't have much time before the meeting.
jerry: Don't worry, he'll be here. Look, we only got about two hours. We just need to come up with one good story so we can get through this meeting. (Buzzer) There's your food.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Your butler?
jerry: What about me?
jerry: (Getting the door) That's the stupidest idea I ever heard. Sentenced to be a butler. (Elaine, Marla, and an injured Ping are at the door) Ping, what happened?
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Should I call an ambulance? Do you wanna see a doctor?
jerry: Yeah, here.
jerry: (To George) You're givin' him back that TV.
jerry: A month and a half we had. We did nothing. I can't believe we put it off until today and then we couldn't do anything because Elaine runs out to apologize to a virgin, crosses against a light, and knocks over a Chinese delivery boy. Now we're gonna make fools of ourselves, we got nothing. You're not even in show business. I gotta reputation. You drag me into the sewer with you. I've been on TV buddy boy. You know how fast word spreads in show business? It's like that (Snaps in George's face) , like that! One bad impression, you're outta the business!
jerry: What do you mean? They know we're here.
jerry: No, no, would you get up?
jerry: No.
jerry: What?
jerry: Yes, I was very wise to hitch my wagon to his star. (Jerry enters meeting)
jerry: Hi, how are you doing? Nice to see you all here. Hello.
jerry: Oh, uh, nice to meet you. Where's Russell?
jerry: Oh, poor Blossom. (He sits)
jerry: Oh, he ran to say something to David Letterman.
jerry: Yeah, he just walked by.
jerry: Yeah, good idea.
jerry: Good, good, we've got a lot of ideas.
jerry: Have you ever been to a Chinese restaurant and they tell you it'll be, like, five minutes for a table and you wind up waitin' there for, like, thirty minutes? Well, we thought it would be very funny to do an entire show where all you're doin' is waitin' for the table. (They don't seem to like it) Because we've all been in that situation. You know, you're waiting... and you're hungry... and you bump into somebody you know... When is Russell coming back?
jerry: Well no, that's one. We have many others. We have an idea where, uh, I get into an accident with a guy who has no insurance and the judge sentences him to be my butler. (Everyone laughs) You know he cooks for me, he has to cook for me... He cleans my house, he's doin' my shopping, you know? I'm walkin' around with one of those big neck collars.
jerry: Don't worry, uh, we'll find something for you.
jerry: So Letterman didn't spark to your idea, huh?
jerry: Would you give him the TV back?
jerry: Why did he fire her?
jerry: You can't break up with her now. Her life is shattered. You got her fired. You gotta be there for her.
jerry: You gotta at least wait until she gets another job.
jerry: Couple of interviews.
jerry: What? Leave? Where? Why?
jerry: Why would I leave? This is my apartment.
jerry: Who gave you this idea I would wanna leave?
jerry: Listen, I wouldn't put too much stock into what Elaine has to say about relationships. She comes from a broken home, and I mean that literally. A tree fell on her roof and cracked the whole structure. Her parents got along beautifully, but her house was in bad shape.
jerry: What else did you say to her?
jerry: More like a dope was giving it to her straight. Another cup of coffee with you, she'll wind up in a convent.
jerry: What is that about leaving after sex? Did I ever leave with you?
jerry: I was trying to be.
jerry: Oh, you're not kiddin'. Who'd 've figured Susan would break up with him? They had a good thing going.
jerry: (To Elaine) Let me ask you a question.
jerry: You're a hostage, captured by terrorists-
jerry: You, anybody - whatever. You're in the little room, you're chained to the floor, you're there for a long time.. do you think they would ever consider doing the laundry?
jerry: (To George) What's the matter?
"jerry: ""Caught"" you? Doing what?"
jerry: Where?
"jerry: ""Glamour""?"
jerry: So, what did she do?
jerry: What did you do?
jerry: (In the middle of Elaine's sentence, smiling) No, I wouldn't think so.
"jerry: ""Glamour""?"
jerry: (Skeptical) Ohhh yeah.. right.
jerry: No chance.
jerry: Well, I know I could hold out longer than you.
jerry: Sure, how much?
jerry: (Pointing) You're on.
jerry: You?
jerry: You'll be out before we get the check.
jerry: (Showing difference) It's apples and oranges..
jerry: Because you're a woman!
jerry: It's easier for a woman not to do it than a man.
jerry: We have to do it. It's part of our lifestyle. It's like, uh.. shaving.
jerry: (Nodding) Okay, one-fifty.
jerry: Well, obviously, we all know each other very well, (Elaine slightly laughs) I'm sure that we'll all feel comfortable within the confines of the honor system.
jerry: (Waits for the rest of the sentence) ..Yeah?
jerry: How is she?
jerry: (Answering to the intercom) Yeah?
jerry: Come on up. (Lets her in by unlocking the front door)
jerry: (Opens his door slightly for Elaine) Dating Marla.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well, I got my troops amassed along the border - I'm just waiting for someone to give me the go-ahead.
jerry: Where?
jerry: (Also amazed) Who walks around the house like that?!
jerry: Hey, let me ask you a question. In these nudist colonies, do they eat naked in the dining room?
jerry: What about the chamber maids? Are they naked, too?
jerry: (Over his shoulder) Not me.
jerry: There's a naked woman across the street.
jerry: (Commenting) Yeah.. the - the waitress should've taken it back.
jerry: (Still staring at the woman) Uh-huh.
jerry: Well, it was that woman across the street. (To Jerry) You know, you better be careful, buddy. She's gonna get you next. (Walks out, shutting the door behind him)
"jerry: ""Slow it down""?"
jerry: Ah, yeah.. I know.
jerry: Yeah, yeah.. of course. What, do you think I care about the sex? What kind of person do you think I am? That doesn't mean anything to me. (Faint) I don't care about that.
jerry: (Smiling, nodding) Sure, Saturday night.
jerry: Goodnight. (She gets out. Jerry leans forward, adding) Not just a good night - a great night. (She shuts the door, he waves)
jerry: (Out of it) Yeah, good morning.
jerry: She's not there. She's doin' her wash.
jerry: (Over the top) Yes, I'm proud to say I did!
jerry: (Nodding) Yes. Yes I am. (Kramer chuckles) Master of my domain. But I will tell you this I am going over to (Gestures to the nudist) her apartment, and I'm tellin' her to put those shades down!
jerry: I can't take it anymore! She's driving me crazy! I can't sleep, I can't leave the house, and I' here, I'm climbin' the walls. Meanwhile, I'm dating a virgin, I'm in this contest - something's gotta give!
jerry: (Persistent) Well, I'm doin' it, get out of my way.
jerry: Look, I'm sorry-
jerry: Kramer, (Trying to pass him) get outta my way!
jerry: Alright.. (Takes his coat off)
jerry: ..Alright.
jerry: She's not there!
jerry: So the nurse was giving her a sponge bath?
jerry: Oh, man. Well, I guess you'll be going back to that hospital.
jerry: (Pointing) But are you still master of your domain?
jerry: Lord of the manor.
jerry: What?
jerry: Really? Did you talk to him?
jerry: (Adding, fake praise) Good one.
jerry: But the question is, are you still master of your domain?
jerry: Alright, Ma, I'll talk to you later.. Nothing, I'm, I'm watching, uh, Tiny Toons here, on Nickelodeon.. It's, I-I like kid shows. They have a very innocent, wholesome quality. Okay, alright, I'll talk to you later. Bye. (Hangs up)
jerry: (Trying to block out Kramer, he starts to sing along with the TV) The wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round. The wheels on the bus..
jerry: I don't keep real coffee in here, I get my coffee on the outside! (Intercom buzzes. He answers it) Yeah?!
jerry: (Shouting) Come on up! (Opens his door for Elaine)
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: How are these your socks?!
jerry: (Sarcastic) Oh, yeah, that's right, well, you fell asleep one day on the sofa and I took them off your stinkin' feet. They looked so good to me, I just had to have them!
jerry: They're my socks!
jerry: What are we doing here..
jerry: This is ridiculous.
jerry: I haven't been myself lately. I've been snapping at everybody.
jerry: It's over?
jerry: Ohh-my-God. The Queen is dead.
jerry: What happened?
jerry: But you made it through the day before.
jerry: Why outside here?
jerry: Alright, Costanza - it's just you and me.
jerry: Really?
jerry: You sure?
jerry: You really want to?
jerry: Okay..
jerry: (Chuckles) You don't know the half of it.
jerry: Well, it's kinda silly, but..
jerry: No, it was just a bet. I mean, it actually started with George and his mother-
jerry: I told her about the contest.
jerry: Marla?
jerry: (Moving to the window, shocked) Oh my God in heaven!
jerry: Hey, could you do me a favour? [pause] Could you shut-up?
jerry: I hate rental cars. Nothin' ever works the window doesn't work, the radio doesn't work... and it smells like a cheap hooker... [pause] Or is that you?
jerry: So, this worked out pretty good. Them givin' me an extra ticket, y'know, you get a free trip to St. Louis, I did my gig, you got to see your sister...
jerry: And here's the beauty--
jerry: George is pickin' us up at the airport.
jerry: You know that awning outside my building?
jerry: He's always bragging about his vertical leap, so I bet him fifty bucks that he couldn't touch the awning.
jerry: He didn't come within two feet of the thing. He's wavin at it... So, I told him if he picks us up at the airport, he wouldn't have to pay me anything.
jerry: Timed out perfectly. Drop off the car, pick up the rental car shuttle, we walk right on the plane...
jerry: Hey! Wait up!
jerry: Uh, JFK. [To Elaine] I need some small bills for a tip. You got anything?
jerry: Gimme ten.
jerry: Well, we got three bags.
jerry: That's what they get!
jerry: Let's ask him.
jerry: Let's see what he says.
jerry: Two seconds. [To Skycap] Excuse me, my friend and I here, we were having a discussion and we were wondering what you usually get for a tip.
jerry: Uh, how about a couple of people like us.
jerry: C'mon, seriously...
jerry: All right, look, we're late. Thank you very much...
jerry: You see? Never be late for a plane with a girl. 'Cuz a girl runs like a girl-- with the little steps and the arms flailing out... You wanna make this plane, you've gotta run like a man! Get your knees up!
jerry: We'll take 'em!
jerry: Well, so what? It's not that long-- you'll read.
jerry: We'll call him...
jerry: No time? [To ticket lady] Is there time?
jerry: There's no time. All right, we'll call him from the plane.
jerry: I'll take the first class.
jerry: What?
jerry: Elaine, have you ever flown first class?
jerry: All right then. See? You won't know what you're missing. I've flown first class, Elaine-- I can't go back to coach. I can't... I won't...
jerry: Yeah, that's a point...
jerry: Yeah, I'm sure you'll live.
jerry: Bon voyage, Lainey!
jerry: Oh, sorry... My mistake... [To himself] Thank... *you*!
jerry: Oh my...
jerry: Wow! Coming out of the shower... It's a good thing they gave you that washcloth to cover yourself up... What is this an ad for?
jerry: Uh-huh...
jerry: Oh my... that *is* refreshing...
jerry: Sounds lovely! [To Tia, motioning to put them on her] May I?
jerry: Why, It's a perfect fit. You must be Cinderella.
jerry: Tia, did you see all the flowers in that bathroom? It's like an English garden in there.
jerry: I thought I smelled lilac.
jerry: Oh, saffron! That sounds good.
jerry: Oh, man. You know what... they got the fudge on the bottom-- y'see? That enables you to control your fudge distribution as you're eatin' your ice cream.
jerry: Thank you...
jerry: More everything!
jerry: What is all the racket back there? You know, you're trying to relax on the plane and this is what you have to put up with. [To attendant] What is going on?
jerry: Oh, you see, that's terrible. The problem is, that curtain is no security-- there really should be a locking door.
jerry: Couldn't be...
jerry: Where are they already? I don't see them anywhere... I got my bags, I'm ready to go.
jerry: Yeah, me too...
jerry: Okay... [To a bamboozled Elaine] It's a business thing...
jerry: Yeah. Where's George?
jerry: No, you didn't.
jerry: No she didn't.
jerry: You walk around with no underwear?
jerry: I do a wash.
jerry: When you were with her you said you couldn't stand her.
jerry: You said goin up the steps of her apartment was like being taken to a cell.
jerry: George, I don't know if that is such a good idea?
jerry: You need some professional advice. Why don't you go see Elaine's friend? She's a therapist.
jerry: No, no no [Elaine enters, flossing teeth] Elaine what's the name of that friend of yours ... that's a therapist ... the woman.
jerry: Right, Dana Folley.
jerry: She's the model I met on the plane.
jerry: Um uh. And we're going out Saturday night.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: The religious guy?
jerry: Let us pray.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Kramer, should I call Susan?
jerry: Yeah, he's good. He takes good pictures. He's got equipment over there.
jerry: George I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
jerry: So, I'm thinking of putting in na tropical fish tank right here.
jerry: Well, I figure if it doesn't work out I can always flush them down the toilet.
jerry: What's that perfume you're wearing?
jerry: What is that smell?
jerry: It smells like the beach.
jerry: Oh my God is that the new perfume?
jerry: I can't believe this. My next door neighbour had the idea for this exact perfume last year. He even met with an executive at CALVIN KLEIN. I can't believe they stole his idea.
jerry: And you're the model for this perfume?
jerry: Uh, that's him. He just came home. ... Uh, the door [Jerry pushes his door against Kramer's entrance]
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Yeah, uh, I'll see you later.
jerry: All right come on in. ... Just wait over HERE! Just wait here and I'll get it for you. ... Kramer this is Tia.
jerry: NO! Kramer!
jerry: Oh, you're tall - she's tall I'm tall. What's the difference who's tall. We're all tall.
jerry: What?
jerry: (starting the Dust Buster) What smell?
jerry: Oh, they're all the same. Here. [gives him Dust Buster] Now if you'll excuse us, ..
jerry: Okay.
jerry: I'll see you later.
jerry: Ooow, that was close.
jerry: I know look at this [shows ad]
jerry: Oh, volunteer work!. See that's what I like about the holiday season. That's the true spirit of Christmas. People being helped by people other than me. That makes me feel good inside. Look at what we have here. (mail). A Christmas card from Laine. You didn't have to go to all that trouble.
jerry: I didn't even see the picture. How did it come out?
jerry: Oh yeah. Look at that. Looks good. Kramer did a good job.
jerry: ... um ...
jerry: Did you look at look at this picture carefully?
jerry: Because I'm not sure and and and correct me if I'm wrong but I think I see ... a nipple.
jerry: Here. Take a look. What, what is that?
jerry: That's what I thought.
jerry: DIDN'T YOU LOOK AT THE PICTURE?
jerry: Well, maybe no one noticed it. You didn't notice it. Let me go get Newman. We'll see if he sees it.
jerry: Oh what's the difference. Everybody else you know has it.
jerry: Take a look at this card. Tell me if you notice anything unusual about it.
jerry: Okay. Thanks.
jerry: No.
jerry: What? So what? It's a nipple. A little round circular protuberance. What's the big deal? See everybody's got them. See I got them.
jerry: Everybody's got them.
jerry: No, No, No, No, Oh, No.
jerry: Well every day for the past four days she hasn't returned one call.
jerry: It was a scratch.
jerry: Don't you think I know the difference between a pick and a scratch?
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: There may have been some incidental penetration. But from her angle she was in no position to make the call.
jerry: Is that so unforgivable? Is that like breaking a commandment? Did God say to Moses thou shalt not pick?
jerry: Let me ask you something. If you were going out with somebody and if she did that what would, would you do? Would you continue going out with her?
jerry: yeah. I think I do.
jerry: I can't She won't return my calls because she caught me in a pick at a light.
jerry: But that's not what she thinks.
jerry: All right. I'll call the agency. [Elaine grabs card from George] Hello. Yes, I'm trying to get in touch with Tia Van Camp. Do you know if she's been in town? She's been in town. Oh really. well thank you very much. [hangs up] She has been in town. She's at CALVIN KLEIN's right now.
jerry: Hello there you are.
jerry: Well, I had to talk to you - I noticed you haven't been returning my calls.
jerry: Because I - I thought we had a good time the other night, an' the only explanation I can come up with is that you think that you caught me (flustered, he indicates a nose pick)
jerry: But I was clearly on the outer edge of the nostril.
jerry: But there - but there was no pick! I - I did not pick! There ws no piick!
jerry: No! No pick!
jerry: An' what if I did do it? Even though I admit to nothing, and never will. What does that make me? And I'm not here just defending myself but all those Pickers out there who've been caught. (Elevator doors open) Each an' every one of them, who has to suffer the shame and humiliation because of people like you.. (Everyone but Jerry is now in the elevator. Jerry's still addressing them) Are we not human?! If we pick, do we not bleed?! (Elevator doors shut. A few people in the hallway are looking at him, he turns and addresses them) I am not an animal!
jerry: The pick?
jerry: I think I've seen that look.
jerry: Boy, they really worked on your pectorals.
jerry: You don't understand. I got this all timed out. I got another spot across town at 950, I'm not gonna be able to make it!
jerry: And I'm doin' Letterman Monday. You know, I gotta work out the material!
jerry: No, I'm supposed to meet my friends to see this movie ``CheckMate'' at 1030.
jerry: [not losing a step] Heeeeyyyyyyyy..... [and out the door]
jerry: What are <you> doing here?
jerry: [to taxi driver] Take the Park!
jerry: [rubbing his eyes hoping the nightmare will end] Okay, I get your point!
jerry: That's very nice of you, but I can't do the voices.
jerry: I gotta get out of this cab...
jerry: No, I'm not riffing. I'm ignoring! Do you understand the difference?
jerry: Your trench coat in my closet?
jerry: No thanks, maybe some other time.
jerry: No, I don't.
jerry: No. No. I was kidding. It's terrible.
jerry: Hi, I got some friends inside, I gotta get a message to 'em. Mind if I walk through real quick?
jerry: 44th and 9th.
jerry: No.
jerry: Gasoline? Can't you get it after you drop me off?
jerry: Hey, did I make it?
jerry: Oh, great. That's great. What a night.
jerry: You got my spot?
jerry: Really...
jerry: Weight? Naw. Just need some more height.
jerry: My whole night's ruined. I didn't do any sets, didn't do any movies...
jerry: ``Rochelle Rochelle'', huh?
jerry: [his interest piqued] Minsk?
jerry: Elaine?
jerry: Elaine!
jerry: George?
jerry: Hey, where's Kramer?
jerry: Let's get outta here. [to Buckles] I'll see ya.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I don't want the coat.
jerry: I didn't even use the ticket!
jerry: I only have a twenty.
jerry: Hey, I've been back four days, I want my mail.
jerry: Elaine, that's what mail is. Without bills, magazines and junk mail, there is no mail.
jerry: Hey, how ya doin?
jerry: (looking behind the counter) Hey, is that Babu? It is! (walking over) Hey, Babu!
jerry: Look at you, you got the job.
jerry: Oh, I didn't do anything.
jerry: Come on.
jerry: Ok, great, well, I'm glad everything worked out, Babu.
jerry: Ok, I'll see you around the building.
jerry: (returning to the table) Remember Babu Bhatt?
jerry: Remember that guy who opened the restaurant across the street from the building last year and he wasn't doing so well and I told him he should make it into all Pakistani and that drove him right out of business? So, you uh, going with me to the auto show with me Saturday?
jerry: Can you bring my mail then?
jerry: Cause he's at that baseball fantasy camp in Florida.
jerry: Monday, I think.
jerry: Hey listen, if you're gonna go out with this lawyer, why don't you have dinner with us and then maybe you can go to the auto show with her if you want, you know, have a little company, take the pressure off.
jerry: ...he never heard of corduroy!
jerry: He never heard of corduroy! True story, true story.
jerry: I don't know why you want to play man-to-man when you could play a zone.
jerry: We'll be funny.
jerry: No, no Isabella's, I don't want to go to Isabella's.
jerry: No, it's too trendy, no Isabella's.
jerry: Look who's here! Georgie-boy!
jerry: Oh, we're still going, we're still going. Elaine, do the spokes model.
jerry: How did you know?
jerry: That's so funny!
jerry: Tell him you think you may have broken the case wide open.
jerry: What?
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: Why not?
jerry: Biff?
jerry: You're not worried about that?
jerry: I mean, so what if I'm funny? Who cares?
jerry: Well, should we leave?
jerry: I don't have to be funny, I don't care.
jerry: No way! It's completely under my control.
jerry: Of course I can, am I being funny now?
jerry: Oh, this is funny? I'm being funny?
jerry: George, is this funny?
jerry: (subdued, almost somber) Hello. Welcome back.
jerry: Well, birthdays are merely symbolic of how another year has gone by and how little we've grown. No matter how desperate we are that someday a better self will emerge, with each flicker of the candles on the cake, we know it's not to be, that for the rest of our sad, wretched pathetic lives, this is who we are to the bitter end. Inevitably, irrevocably; happy birthday? No such thing.
jerry: Well thank you very much, it's about time.
jerry: Drop the case? Well, congratulations, that'll save you some money.
jerry: (leafing through his mail) Oh great, a birth announcement from Arnie and Joy Harris.
jerry: Hear that? Guess who's back. (Opening the door) Hey!
jerry: I thought you weren't coming back till Monday.
jerry: Why?
jerry: What happened?
jerry: What?
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Wow! Joe Pepitone!
jerry: You plunked him.
jerry: Wow, this is incredible!
jerry: What's going on out there?
jerry: Babu? (leaving) I'll be right back.
jerry: Yeah, the Immigration guy said his Visa was expired. Poor Babu, everything was going so well for him. He had an apartment, he had a job. What a shame.
jerry: I will, Babu! I will help you, Babu, don't worry!
jerry: (thumbing through his mail) Uh oh.
jerry: Well this is interesting.
jerry: It's a letter from the Immigration Bureau, it's Babu's Visa renewal application form. They must have put it in my mailbox by mistake.
jerry: If you had given me my mail last week when I got home, this whole thing never would have happened.
jerry: Yeah, so am I being funny now?
jerry: See, I told you I wasn't funny all the time. (George enters) Hey George, look, I'm not funny now.
jerry: Oh look, I need to get in touch with Cheryl. Babu needs a lawyer, his Visa's expired.
jerry: Yeah, but you said this is one of the things that her firm does.
jerry: Ah, will you stop it already?
jerry: How long is this gonna go on?
jerry: Well, when is that gonna be?
jerry: Consummation? I don't think you have enough material.
jerry: (somber) That's wonderful news. Thank you.
jerry: Well, with so many people in the world deprived and unhappy, it doesn't seem like it would be fair to be cheerful.
jerry: I don't care.
jerry: Not really. Sometimes, when I'm in the tub.
jerry: I'm a comedian. Oh, let me get that. (reaching for the check) You've been so helpful.
jerry: Yeah, I'll just pay for this.
jerry: Babu!
jerry: You remember Elaine.
jerry: Oh, Babu.
jerry: We do what we can.
jerry: Yes, well, see, here's the thing, Babu. Um, what happened was I was away for a couple of weeks doing some comedy shows.
jerry: Well, Elaine here was picking up my mail while I was away, because you know that little box can get very full.
jerry: Oh, I don't want to bother you.
jerry: So yesterday, after they took you away, I looked in my mail and I noticed that the mailman accidentally put your Visa renewal in my mail box.
jerry: You see, I've been home for a week and Elaine didn't give me my mail until yesterday, even though I asked her repeatedly for it.
jerry: Well not technically.
jerry: Well what about her?
jerry: Babu?!
jerry: Babu, I'm gonna fix everything! I have a lawyer who knows someone in the Immigration Department, they're gonna straighten the whole thing out, the wheels are in motion, things are happening even as we speak!
jerry: The wheels are in motion, things are happening!
jerry: I don't know, I don't understand it. Cheryl was supposed to take care
jerry: C'mon up.
jerry: Babu must be back.
jerry: Where's Babu?
jerry: Who are you?
jerry: I'm sure the lawyer did everything they could.
jerry: Hey, what happened? I thought Cheryl was gonna help Babu get his Visa.
jerry: No.
jerry: He's in Pakistan.
jerry: What do you mean, oh boy?
jerry: Told her the truth? Well, you got Babu deported.
jerry: That's because she had my mail.
jerry: How could you go in there?
jerry: Well, what happened?
jerry: Yeah, it's funny!
jerry: It cannot not be funny! Now come on, let's stay with it, we gotta finish this today.
jerry: Yeah, maybe I'll give it to Elaine.
jerry: Right, right. Okay. (Writing) Elaine enters.
jerry: (Thinks) What does she say...?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: You know, if we bring Elaine in, it's going to be so many people to keep track of. It's gonna be too hard, I'll forget where everybody's standing, you, me, Kramer, the butler, it's too much.
jerry: Alright. (They tear the pages out of their notepads. Kramer enters.)
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Who?
jerry: Did you talk to her?
jerry: So what happened?
jerry: Yeah, I know about the three dates.
jerry: What do you mean, you snubbed her?
jerry: Yeah, I know.
jerry: Well, there were too many people in the room, we couldn't keep track of everybody. George, and the butler, and...
jerry: Well, we tried. We couldn't. We didn't know how to, uh...(confessing) ...we couldn't write for a woman. We didn't know what you would say. Even right now, I'm sitting here, I know you're going to say something, I have no idea what it is.
jerry: Something derogatory? (Gail enters the coffee shop and walks over to the booth.)
jerry: Well, Gail Cunningham.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: Nothing. (Elaine grabs Jerry's sandwich and is about to take a bite.) Hey, where you goin' with that? Gimme that. (Takes back the sandwich.)
jerry: I took two bites, how am I finished? (Elaine coughs.) Plus you're coming down with something? You want me to get sick? (Offers Gail the sandwich) Bite?
jerry: I don't know. Once he leaves the building, he's out of my jurisdiction.
jerry: Alright. So, where ya cookin' now?
jerry: Ah, the power lunch crowd.
jerry: Would you care to join us?
jerry: See ya.
jerry: That bothered you?
jerry: It did?
jerry: I thought your mother's paying for it.
jerry: You what?
jerry: You kissed her?
jerry: What kinda great friend are you? How do you go from snubbing to kissing?
jerry: And what did she do?
jerry: I don't get this. I go out with this girl three times, she doesn't want to shake my hand - why's she kissing you?
jerry: So what?
jerry: Are you alright?
jerry: Oh, Where did you eat?
jerry: Ah. I know the chef there.
jerry: Oh, you have a daughter?
jerry: What?
jerry: What?
jerry: I'm not sure. (The sounds of Russell vomiting emanate from the bathroom. Jerry and George sit there uncomfortably.) What was that dish he said he had...?
jerry: Ah. You know, 'primavera' is Italian for 'spring.'
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Another ending?
jerry: Maybe we should go.
jerry: I can't listen to anymore of this, the guy's losing a lung in there. (Russell's daughter Molly enters.)
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Oh, I'm Jerry.
jerry: We're here discussing our script with your father.
jerry: Uh huh.
jerry: What were you doing?
jerry: You're supposed to just take a peek after a poke. You were like you just put a quarter into one of those big metal things on top of the Empire State Building.
jerry: Looking at cleavage is like looking at the sun, you don't stare at it. It's too risky. You get a sense of it and then you look away.
jerry: That's why I poked.
jerry: What?
jerry: She did?
jerry: Is that what she said? (Kramer pokes his head back in the door.)
jerry: She is?
jerry: Hello? Oh, hi Stu.
jerry: (to George) Yeah. (oh the phone) What's goin' on? What? Really? Oh my god....did he give you a reason?...Oh boy. Okay. Alright. Thanks. (hangs up.) Dalrymple just cancelled the pilot. (George drops the bag, shocked.)
jerry: There was cleavage in the area. That's a reflex - (mimics nudging someone with an elbow) - cleavage-poke, cleavage-poke...
jerry: You don't consider age in the face of cleavage. This occurs on a molecular level, you can't control it! We're like some kind of weird fish where the eyes operate independently of the head.
jerry: You know what we could do? He eats at that restaurant, Pfeiffer's? We could have Gail call us, tell us the next time he's there, go there and talk to him.
jerry: The whole thing is so stupid. Like he wouldn't do the same thing if Elaine walked by in a low-cut dress.
jerry: No.
jerry: Ya.
jerry: Kramer, listen, I want you to ask Gail to do me a favor. The next time Russell Dalrymple comes in the restaurant, ask her if she would call me.
jerry: Ok. (Kramer goes back to his apartment.)
jerry: Look, sweetheart, you know you've got it all. But let's face it... (Kramer comes back.)
jerry: Beautiful.
jerry: No, come on! I'll buy you another pair!
jerry: I'll get you another one just like it!
jerry: Hey! Whattaya know!
jerry: Fancy meeting you here!
jerry: You know, it's a funny thing, because after the pilot got cancelled, we hadn't heard from you.
jerry: Didn't know...we were wondering...what happened.
jerry: No leer. (Elaine comes over to Russell's table.)
jerry: Really good.
jerry: Very tasty.
jerry: The pilot's back on. In fact, Elaine's going out with him tomorrow night. (Gail nods and walks away.) Listen, Elaine, you know if Russell mentions anything about the pilot, you'll of course tell him how much you liked it...?
jerry: Uh...that kind of comedy, that's a little broad for us.
jerry: It's funny!
jerry: Funny is funny, we're here to entertain, right?
jerry: If you can.
"jerry: I think what he's trying to say is, ""get the bouilla-base."" (George nods 'yes' and continues to choke.)"
jerry: Unbelievable! She's not there.
jerry: The works for the NYU school newspaper. She's a grad student in journalism. Never been to a comedy club. Never even seen me, has no idea who I am.
jerry: Y'know, you've been developing quite the acid-tongue lately...
jerry: Living or all time?
jerry: Well, if it's all time, then there's no contest. It begins and ends with Brezhnev.
jerry: [indignantly] What's the matter with you?
"jerry: I'm not goin' along. I can just see you in Berlin in 1939 goose- stepping past me ""C'mon Jerry, go along, go along..."""
jerry: Y'know I hear that all the time.
jerry: That I'm gay. People think I'm gay.
jerry: Yeah, 'cuz I'm single, I'm thin and I'm neat.
"jerry: Oh yeah, what? ""Buck Naked""?"
jerry: You told me that already like two months ago.
jerry: How you gonna get out of *that* one?
jerry: He's gonna hang around if that's alright with you?
jerry: Yeah, I washed it.
jerry: So *wash* *it*.
jerry: I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was O.K...
jerry: Oh, so what if I don't like it. Is that like the end of the world, or something?
jerry: Actually, we met in the gym locker room.
jerry: [quizzically] Live together?
jerry: Know *what*?
jerry: Oh God, you're that girl in the coffee shop that was eavesdropping on us. I *knew* you looked familiar!
jerry: There's been a big misunderstanding here! We did that whole thing for your benefit. We knew you were eavesdropping. That's why my friend said all that. It was on purpose! We're not gay! Not that there's anything wrong with that...
jerry: I mean that's fine if that's who you are...
jerry: I mean I have many gay friends...
jerry: It was a *joke*...
jerry: No steam!
jerry: Today's not my birthday.
jerry: Look at this! A phone! A two-line phone!
jerry: Hey, where you going?
jerry: Thank you very much, that's great- >click< Oh! Hold on a sec, I got a call on the other line. >click click< Hello?
jerry: Hey, how ya doin'? Y'know I got that reporter from the newspaper on the other line.
jerry: She says she's not going to play up that angle of the story. She thinks we're heterosexual. [sarcastically] I guess we *fooled* her. I'll get rid of her, hold on... >click click< Sharon? Hello? Sharon, are you there? >click click< I'm back...
jerry: What are you talkin' about?
jerry: You heard me talkin' on the other line, are you sure?
jerry: Well, maybe she was disconnected.
jerry: Alright, hang on. Let me call Kramer and see if you can hear anything, hold on. >click click click<...
jerry: Kramer, there may be a problem with the phone, hold on. >click click<
jerry: Oh no! >click click< Kramer, this phone's a piece of junk, goodbye!
jerry: Oh no! Now she's heard everything! What are we gonna do?!?
jerry: No, no, of course not! People's personal sexual preferences are nobody's business but their own!
jerry: She wouldn't take her coat off at my house, either.
jerry: So you don't take your coat off, and now everyone at NYU thinks I'm gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that...
"jerry: ""Guys And Dolls""? Isn't that a lavish, Broadway musical?"
"jerry: ""The Collected Works Of Bette Midler""."
jerry: What do you got there?
"jerry: ""Although they maintain separate residences, the comedian and his long-time *companion* seem to be inseparable..."" Oh no! The Associated Press picked up the NYU story. That's going to be in every paper! I've been ""outed""! I wasn't even ""in""!"
jerry: Not that there's anything wrong with that...
"jerry: ""Within the confines of his fastidious bachelor *pad*, Seinfeld and Costanza bicker over the cleanliness of a piece of *fruit* like an old married couple--"" *I told you that pear was washed*!"
jerry: Here we go...
jerry: It's not true!
jerry: So are you...
jerry: Oh, my God! [takes the phone] Ma?
jerry: Ma!
jerry: Ma, it's not true!
jerry: Ma, it has nothing to do with the culottes!
"jerry: Y'know, I think I'll pass on the ""Guys And Dolls""..."
jerry: What?
jerry: I dunno... [they kiss again] *Alright*, I forgive you...
jerry: I was attracted to you, too. You remind me of Lois Lane.
jerry: What!?
jerry: I know! What are you doin' here?!?
jerry: [forcibly removing G. from the apt] Would you get the Hell out of here!
jerry: Tell her what?
jerry: Well, you've only got another fifty years or so to go before it'll *all* be over...
jerry: Yeah, how about a mute?
jerry: Ah, where you gonna meet a mute?
jerry: A deep, yawning chasm...
jerry: Listening to you. I listen to this for fifteen minutes and I'm on top of the world. Your misery is my pleasure.
jerry: Hey! How you doin'?
jerry: What're you gonna do down there?
jerry: That's what I do with him [points at George]
jerry: What, do you break it in with her, then you try it out on me?
jerry: Nah, it's not for me.
jerry: I think I'm pretty much like you-- only successful.
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: Fields. Sidney Fields. *87* years old. *87*. How about your guy?
jerry: *We*? No.
jerry: George and I just signed up with the Senior Citizen's Volunteer Agency. Same thing Elaine's doing.
jerry: What're you talkin' about?
jerry: What?
jerry: Where do you *get* this?
jerry: Hello, *Newman*...
jerry: What records?
jerry: Why *is* that?
jerry: Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld, the agency sent me.
jerry: Yeah, is this Sid Field's residence?
jerry: Mr. Fields?
jerry: Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld, the agency sent me.
jerry: No, no, the--
jerry: The woman, she--
jerry: Mr. Fields, I'm here to spend some time with you.
jerry: No, Mr. Field, look, really I'm--
jerry: What's all this stuff?
jerry: You're throwin' this out??
jerry: You don't want any of this?
jerry: You know I have some friends who would really like to have these.
jerry: Well, do you want to go out for a walk, get a cup of coffee...
jerry: Well, maybe I'll get goin' then. I just remembered I got an appointment to get my, um, tonsils out.
jerry: C'mon Elaine, it's just a goiter...
jerry: They really should mention that in the breakdown height, weight, goiter.
jerry: Yeah, well, I'll tell ya, I'd rather talk to a goiter with a nice disposition than the nut they sent me to.
jerry: Whattya mean?
jerry: He fired you?!?
jerry: Well, I dunno about you two, but I'm quitting. I hate my guy. He's a mean, mean guy.
jerry: So quit!
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Oh yeah, you and your *Sergio Mendes*...
jerry: Well you shoulda seen the pile of albums this old guy I was visiting today was throwing away Sinatra, Duke Ellington, Al Jolson, Benny Goodman...
jerry: Yeah, and then I asked him if my friend could have them and he said yeah.
jerry: But you're going to have to go get em. I'm not carryin' them all.
jerry: Yeah, I'm goin' there today. In fact you should see this house keeper he's got. She's from Senegal [and, ala Carson] Wild, Wild, Stuff...
jerry: Well you said they could come and take the records.
jerry: So Mr. Fields I just don't know if this arrangement is--
jerry: Where's his teeth! Where's his teeth!
jerry: Well turn the light on...
jerry: That's the garbage disposal!
jerry: Yes, but--
jerry: [Into intercom] Yes?
jerry: Alright, c'mon up.
jerry: [To Rep] I dunno what happened, we were just trying to take him to the dentist.
jerry: Um, well, his false teeth got mangled up in the garbage disposal--
jerry: Well, after he bit my friend--
jerry: I, I'm sorry.
jerry: Well, I brought them up there to take his records--
jerry: There you are. Did you find him?
jerry: Hi, Sidra. I usually last about ten minutes on a Stairmaster. Unless of course there's someone stretching in front of me in a leotard, then I can go an hour.
jerry: Oh, yeah. That's why they call it a Stairmaster. You get up there and you stare.
jerry: Alright, I'll see you Thursday night, right?
jerry: Alright.
jerry: Tremendous girl.
jerry: Yeah. I really like her.
jerry: What? Don't say that!
jerry: How do you know?
jerry: I'm not bragging, I happen to have a very keen lesbian eye. (A woman walks by Jerry and Elaine.) Hi, how ya doin.' (Jerry jerks a thumb at the woman to confirm his talent. Elaine is skeptical.)
jerry: Yes, they do!
jerry: A leg man? Why would I be a leg man? I don't need legs. I have legs. Have you ever seen her naked in the locker room?
jerry: Oh, well, then I can't accept your testimony. Maybe if you had seen her naked.
jerry: Well, I do.
jerry: Look, you made the allegation. The least you could do is follow up.
jerry: Yes! Go in there! Do a little investigative journalism. I need to know!
jerry: Don't be so sure. Look at George - he's on his ninth date with Betsy, he still hasn't gotten anywhere with her.
jerry: Well, every time he tries to make a move, something screws up. Like on their last date, they were on the couch, but she was sitting on his wrong side.
jerry: Yeah, she was on his right side. He can't make a move with his left hand. Can't go left.
jerry: No! I'm lefty, can't go right. What about women? Do they go left or right?
jerry: You're sure?
jerry: Well then, that's it. That's the end of that.
jerry: Just 'cause of that? It's like finding out Mickey Mantle corked his bat!
jerry: You don't touch the nose! You don't aspire to reach the nose. You don't unhook anything to get to a nose, and no man has ever tried to look up a woman's nostril.
jerry: Well, I take it very seriously.
jerry: Hey. You know, I do kinda wonder what fake breast feel like.
jerry: You? How do you know?
jerry: Real busy now down at the office?
jerry: You put her on a pedestal.
jerry: He puts 'em on a dental chair.
jerry: Yeah, funny. Yeah, I never heard that before. (To George) So, you goin' to the funeral?
jerry: What, are you kidding? It's a golden opportunity to advance the relationship. She's crying, you put your arm around her and console her...you're the consolation guy!
jerry: Her aunt dying is the best thing that ever happened to you.
jerry: This confers upon you instant boyfriend status. The family's there...you're taking care of things...you're gettin' the sandwiches...you're the rock!
jerry: You fell on her?
jerry: You what?
jerry: You touched 'em?!
jerry: Wow.
jerry: Excuse me?!
jerry: Oh, what do you know, you have no breast touching experience.
jerry: So have I.
jerry: Anyway, touching two breasts doesn't make you an expert.
jerry: Aw, what are you doin' to me? (puts his head down on the counter.)
jerry: I don't know, one minute you say they're fake, the next minute you think they're real...I don't know what to believe!
jerry: But you were just grabbing on to them to save your life. If you were drowning and I threw you a life preserver, you think you could tell me if it was an inflatable?
jerry: Well, I don't mind someone with a phony personality, but I gotta draw the line somewhere.
jerry: Hey. George off to Detroit?
jerry: There's Sidra.
jerry: Where?
jerry: Talkin' to Sidra?
jerry: I don't think that's Salman.
jerry: If that's Rushdie, they're real.
jerry: Well, I gotta know - I'm talkin' to Sidra.
jerry: Oh, how can you be so sure?
jerry: Look, you idiot, first of all, it's Salman, not salmon!
jerry: Alright, maybe it is, but listen, I gotta get ready - Sidra's coming over in a few minutes, so if you don't mind...
jerry: I'm gonna find out tonight.
jerry: Hey, would you mind switching seats?
jerry: Oh, I don't know...I just like sitting to the left of people, makes me feel like I'm driving.
jerry: How ya doin'?
jerry: Good, feel good...you know that Jayne Mansfield had some big breasts. Really big, huge...just coming out the top of her dress, they were like, chokin' her.
jerry: Have you noticed that women today are, you know, they seem...bigger.
jerry: Really?
jerry: How do you like that.
jerry: Aw, you know people.
jerry: Oh, the nerve. You know, some people have asked me if you've uh, done that.
jerry: Whatever you want me to tell them.
jerry: No.
jerry: Oh, there's no emergency...
jerry: Excuse me. (Gets up and answers the door.) Alright, what is it? You're interrupting!
jerry: This is an emergency? You need a bathing suit?
jerry: I don't know, my bathing suit? That's a little familiar, I don't want your...your boys down there.
jerry: Your boys should stay in their neighborhood.
jerry: Alright. It's in the top drawer. Hurry up. (Kramer goes to get the suit. Elaine enters.)
jerry: Oh, hi, Elaine.
jerry: Oh. yeah. Alright. (pushes Kramer and Elaine out the door, then sits next to Sidra on the couch.) So, where were we?
jerry: Right, you were leaving.
jerry: That was an accident!
jerry: You can't just *have* an adultery-- you *commit* adultery. And you can't even *commit* adultery unless you already *have* a commitment. So you have to make the commitment before you can even think about committing it. There's no commit without the commit. Then, once you commit, then you can commit the adultery. Then you can get caught, get divorced, lose your mind and they have you committed. But y'know some people actually *cheat* on the people that they're cheating with. Which is like, y'know, being in a hold up and then turning to the robber next to you and goin' Alright, gimme everything you have, too''.
jerry: (flips a roll of paper towels in the air) Produce section. *Very* provocative area. A lot of melons and shapes. Everyone's squeezing and smelling... It just happened.
jerry: Tonight.
jerry: I... don't... know...
jerry: I was a little nervous, I got distracted. It has something to do with a car, or a fish...
jerry: Look at that. Why do I get bananas? They're good for *one* day...
jerry: Yeah, I did that too.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Wow!
jerry: Y'know I have some friends who try and base their whole life on that principle.
jerry: Nobody you know...
jerry: Why don't you put it in the *bank*?
jerry: *Oh*, you mean you wanna *lose* it...
jerry: Yes I did.
jerry: Wood is good.
jerry: So we're still going to the health club to play racquetball right?
jerry: O.K., soon as Elaine gets here.
"jerry: What, you rented ""Home Alone""?"
jerry: I thought you saw that already...
jerry: Oh, right... But you *hated* it!
jerry: What for?
jerry: All right.. Go ahead.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: No. Come on up.
jerry: What's wrong?
"jerry: You said ""gloves""..."
jerry: (to Kramer) Hey (snaps fingers) get your stuff, let's get going.
jerry: What?
"jerry: Oh, the ""triangle"" guy."
jerry: Yeah, you liked him. What happened with him?
jerry: Artsy?
jerry: Oh. (unh - very quiet sigh)
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What's wrong with him?
jerry: All right we'll wait for you.
jerry: Oh, you want me to pretend to be your boyfriend.
jerry: Well I think I can do that. I believe I've played that role before to some critical acclaim.
jerry: All right (picks up his sports bag)
jerry: Y'know a lot of people have asked that...
jerry: Jerry, uh, I'm the boyfriend. (puts his arm around Elaine's shoulder, but she shrugs it off twice)
jerry: That's terrible...
jerry: You know I can't get this *damn thing* to sleep. (about the Yo-Yo)
jerry: Honey... Aren't we going to the Poconos next Friday?
jerry: No, I believe it's next week.
jerry: No I'm not...
jerry: Hey Doc, check this out. [does an around-the-world with the Yo-Yo]
jerry: I *just* learned that. (proudly holding the Yo-Yo)
jerry: I dunno...
jerry: Yeah, that's true...
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What are doing, you crying??
"jerry: You crying from ""Home Alone""??"
jerry: Alright, just get yourself together... I dunno if I can be friends with you anymore after this display.
jerry: Oh, I never even got to the gym. Kramer got the gloves, wanted to come home and start working on his floor.
jerry: Oh, he's okay. In fact him and Elaine are getting ah, pretty chummy. Now Elaine wants me to buy some of his art. (opens the fridge and gets a bottle of water.)
"jerry: Yeah, so she and ""Triangle Boy"" can go out to fancy restaurants. (takes a sip of water)"
jerry: You mean Florence Nightingale. **
jerry: Yeah, you must have meant Clara Barton. **
jerry: I'm not sure, but I think she was nice. (takes a sip of water)
jerry: Yeah, I think you would.
jerry: No. Why don't you buy it? You got 1,900 dollars.
jerry: I will.
jerry: No, it isn't. I can find out.
jerry: There are ways.
"jerry: Y'know I remember when I was a kid growin up, kids would make fun of my name like you wouldn't believe-- ""Jerry Jerry Dingleberry"", and-hu ""Seinsmelled""..."
jerry: Yeah. a-hu. What about you? Did people make fun of your name?
jerry: Oh... *you*...
jerry: No.
"jerry: ""Hest""? That's not a name."
jerry: I know, I should've asked her.
jerry: I dunno. I can't ask her now; I've already made out with her. Once you make out with a woman, you can't ask her her name.
jerry: No...
jerry: Alright, that's enough. (sips coffee)
jerry: How am I gonna do that?
jerry: You asked a date to go to the operation?
jerry: Mulva? (waves off George with his hand)
jerry: Alright, alright. Just let me finish my coffee... then we'll watch 'em go slice this fat bastard up. (sips coffee)
jerry: What are you eating?
jerry: No...
jerry: Where'd you get those?
jerry: No.
jerry: I don't want one.
jerry: I don't want any!
jerry: No! Stop it! Kramer, stop it!
jerry: (pointing at the operation he mouths the words) Did it go in?
jerry: ...Over the balcony, bounced off some respirator thing *into* the patient!
jerry: Into the patient, *literally*!
jerry: Yes, the hole!
jerry: No!
jerry: Because it's a little mint. It's a *Junior* Mint.
jerry: They sealed him up with the mint inside.
jerry: Yes!
jerry: Yes they *eat* them. They don't put them next to vital organs in their abdominal cavity!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: Why did you force that mint on me? I told ya I didn't want the mint!
jerry: How could you not believe me?!?
jerry: That's true.
jerry: Well, just don't say anything about this to Elaine...
jerry: Prognosis *negative*!?
jerry: We gotta confess.
jerry: Yes!
jerry: I can't have this on my conscience. We're like Leopold and Loeb! **
jerry: I'm telling and you can't stop me!
jerry: Oh yeah, that's the spot...
jerry: Oh, nothing really, just a homicide. [She finds the right spot on his back] Oh that's terrific... Mulva.
jerry: Mulva?
jerry: Oh my eh, my Aunt's name is Mulva. She's-she's a masseuse.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Oh, good idea...
jerry: Oh, I was just looking for er, some... gum or... mint.
jerry: No! [throws her purse back at her] No, I mean, no thank you, nah...
jerry: [whispering] No, no news. You better get out of here.
jerry: Oh No, wait a second... Wait a second... I-I don't know the name of this woman in the bathroom, so when she comes out, you introduce yourself and then she'll be forced to say her name.
jerry: O.K. (closes the apartment door)
jerry: Oh, okay.
jerry: Oh, Hey, there's a name you don't forget.
jerry: Bye.
jerry: No, I haven't heard anything.
jerry: Really...
jerry: Yeah, I'm sure...
jerry: Well, I-I gotta call the Hospital. I gotta tell 'em what happened.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Look, I gotta try and help the guy.
jerry: Yes I'd like to speak with Dr. Siegel... it's about Roy Kordic's condition...
jerry: Oh, that's *fantastic*!
jerry: Thank you very much. O.K. Bye-bye. He's gonna be okay!
jerry: That's nice.
jerry: What do you mean?
jerry: I don't think so...
jerry: I believe we're not...
jerry: Well, I'll think about it...
jerry: Really...
jerry: Oh, Wait a second, you got her autograph?
jerry: Do you have it with you?
jerry: Ah, Le'me see. (hands Jerry the playbill)
jerry: Yeah, I-I know...
jerry: Yes I do.
jerry: It-it rhymes with a female body part.
jerry: Mulva...
jerry: Aub, ah, Gipple?
jerry: Loleola?
jerry: Oh! Oh! *Delores*!
"jerry: Ages zero through ten, candy is your life. There's nothing else. Family, friends, school-- they're only obstacles in the way of getting more candy. And you have your favorite candies that you love. You know the ones I love those... I hate those...''. ``I hate those... I love those...''. And only a seven year old kid could actually taste the difference between like a red M&M and a light brown, M&M. That's two totally different things when you're seven years old. ""Well, your red is more of a main course M&M, but the brown it's more of a mellower flavor; it's an after dinner M&M, really''."
jerry: ...And it *is* embarrassing, because a doggie bag means either you are out at a restaurant when you aren't hungry, or you've chosen the stupidest possible way to get dog food that there is. How about the doggie bag on a date? That's a good move for a guy, huh? Lemme tell you something if you're a guy and you ask for the doggie bag on a date, you might as well have them just wrap up your genitals too. You're not going to be needing those for awhile, either.
jerry: Is that bothering you?
"jerry: [mockingly] ""Please hurry"". Look at you. Look at what you've become."
jerry: Oh, *Carl* can't wait a few more minutes?
jerry: He'll like you more...
jerry: Yeah, I'm wanting to get married *real* soon...
jerry: So, where am I dropping you?
jerry: This guy's got quite a racket. I take you to dinner and then drop you off at his apartment...
"jerry: So, is tonight ""the night""?"
jerry: Oooh! Bay-bee *doll*!
jerry: Boy, do you smell something?
jerry: What is it?
jerry: What?
jerry: It *can't* be. Nobody has B.O. like this.
jerry: But the whole car smells.
"jerry: So when somebody has B.O., the ""O"" usually stays with the ""B"". Once the ""B"" leaves, the ""O"" goes with it."
jerry: So, this morning I go down to the garage to check the car out. I figure by this time, the odour molecules have had at least twelve hours to de-smellify. I open the car door, like a *punch* in the *face*, the stench hits me-- it's almost as if it had *gained* strength throughout the night...
jerry: What about skunk?
jerry: Horse manure?
jerry: Well, I've never seen anything like this in my life. In fact, I went to the car wash, they want 250 dollars to detail it, and get the smell out. I'm not payin' for that. That's not my responsibility. In fact, I'm drivin' up to that restaurant now, and *demand* they pay for it.
jerry: It means he's lying.
jerry: Why? Is that what he told you?
jerry: No. Never.
jerry: Well, sometimes we do actually have to get up early, but a man will *always* trade sleep for sex.
jerry: Anything's *possible*...
jerry: What's the matter with you?
jerry: Oh yeah, Steinbrenner...
jerry: I know the list...
jerry: What smell?
jerry: Whatd'ya mean I stink?
jerry: I showered! Oh, wait a second... Since I showered, I've been in the car!
jerry: Don't you see what's happening here? It's attached itself to me! It's alive!
jerry: What happened? My car *stinks* is what happened. And it's destroying the lives of everyone in it's path.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I know... I was at the car wash this morning and the guy told me in his 38 years in the business, he's never smelled anything like it.
jerry: No, no. It's the valet guy.
jerry: Oh... No, that's ridiculous.
jerry: Suicide, maybe, not lesbianism.
"jerry: There should be a B.O. squad that patrols the city like a ""Smell Gestapo"". To sniff 'em out, strip 'em down, and wash them with a big, soapy brush..."
jerry: Lemme see if I understand this... On second thought...
jerry: Here he is... that's the guy! (rolls up window) No, thank you, go back... go back... I'll park it! You go back!
jerry: I mean the car *stinks*! George, does the car stink?
jerry: Stinks!
jerry: Hey, I've never smelled in my *life*, buddy!
jerry: That's from the car!
jerry: Thank you very much... Well, then go out and smell the car; see which smells worse.
jerry: You've gotta smell the car
jerry: C'mon! One whiff!
jerry: Alright, will you pay for the cleaning?
jerry: Let's do it.
jerry: Wait a minute! It still smells! It still smells!
jerry: It still smells!
jerry: I don't know!
jerry: I'll tell you what I'm gonna do, I'm selling that car!
jerry: You don't understand what I'm up against. This is a force more powerful than anything you can imagine. Even *Superman* would be helpless against this kind of stench. And I'll take anything I can get for it.
jerry: Are you crazy? Don't you understand what I'm saying to you? This is not just an odour-- you need a *priest* to get rid of this thing!
jerry: You see! You see what I'm saying to you? It's a presence! It's the beast!
jerry: Susan!
jerry: What is going on?
jerry: That's the *least* of what you've accomplished...
jerry: '90.
jerry: That's strange...
jerry: 23 000.
jerry: Wait a second... My jacket! I wore that in the car! The Beast!
jerry: This... **thing**... has got to be stopped!
jerry: I have a friend who is about to get married, they're having the bachelor party and the bridal shower on the same day... So it's conceivable that while she's getting the lingerie, he'd be at a nude bar watching a table dancer wearing the same outfit. That is possible. But to me, the difference between being single and being married, is the form of government. You see, when you're single, you are the dictator of your own life. I have complete power. I can give the order to fall asleep on the sofa with the TV on in the middle of the day, no-one can overrule me! When you're married, you're part of a vast decision-making body. Before anything gets done there are meetings. Committees have to study the situation. And this is if the marriage works. That's what's so painful about divorce you get impeached and you're not even the president!
jerry: Oh, Drake's party, I forgot to buy a present.
jerry: You don't like the Drake?
jerry: How could you not like the Drake?
jerry: The Drake is good!
jerry: Elaine, look. I drew this triangle free-hand. It's a doodle. It's perfect!
jerry: Easy?
jerry: Do you like the Drake?
jerry: It's Isosceles
jerry: The chip-in!
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: You know what, let's go to that mall in Liberal(sp?) before we go to the party. We'll have to take your car, it's got the most room.
jerry: What about your father's car?
jerry: Are you serious?
jerry: How about this, you put your car in the good spot, that'll hold the good spot in front of the good building, and we can get the good car!
jerry: Good to meet you!
jerry: We could get him anything we wanted, we're chippin' in.
jerry: Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll tell you what chuckles, I give you permission to sublet my room right now.
jerry: Yes, they do!
jerry: Well there's spaces there, they must drive!
jerry: Do you believe the deal we got on this? A big screen TV? At that price?
jerry: No-one's gonna have a better gift than this big screen TV! Good for them, love the Drake!
jerry: Hey, what's going on over here?
jerry: (to a woman) Hey, what's going on?
jerry: Is she OK?
jerry: Son's of bitches! Good luck finding them... him... whatever. I'd like to stick around and get my hands on him myself, but I gotta take off.
jerry: I don't know...
jerry: I love the Drake!
jerry: Let's get out of here.
jerry: The thing is, even if we go back by the car, and there's nobody there, how do we know they're not all hiding, waiting for us?
jerry: What are we, John Dillinger? How did this get to be the crime of the century? It's not like we stuck a broomstick in her spokes and she went flying...
jerry: I got it! (snaps his fingers) We give the keys to Elaine.
jerry: Yeah! You're a woman! Men don't hit a woman!
jerry: Not if they don't know you...
"jerry: What if we created some sort of diversion? What if we all went by the car and started screaming ""There he is, there's the guy that took the handicap spot!"" And then, when they all run into the other direction, we'll jump in the car!"
jerry: That doesn't work, we'll give 'em Kramer!
jerry: (as George picks up a broken piece of his car) You know, a lot of these scratches will buff right out...
jerry: (to the Drake) So it was a good party, huh? Oh... you're welcome, you're welcome... (to Elaine) They loved the TV, *loved* it!
jerry: (to the Drake) Oh, wait a second, I'll ask her.. that's a great idea. (To Elaine) Drake wants to know if we want to come out to Minneolis this afternoon, since we missed the partly last night, to maybe get something to eat?
jerry: (to the Drake) Sure! ... Okay... Don't worry, I'm taking MY car! ... okay... okay, see you later... bye...
jerry: The Drake is great!
jerry: Yeah. Well, I don't know if I'm happy for them, I mean I'm glad they're happy, but, frankly, that doesn't do anything for me.
jerry: Yes?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: St. Elizabeth's Hospital? Why?
jerry: Wow, what happened?
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh, what's the difference, you don't go out that much.
jerry: Hey Alison! Hey, there's the TV, Elaine, look at that!
jerry: I am gonna make good use of this! I'm watching every superbowl here, every big fight....
jerry: So where're we eatin'?
jerry: When did this happen?
jerry: (looking at the TV) Look at the picture on this thing...
jerry: They know how to make 'em...
jerry: Well... we should...
jerry: Yeah... Hey, Drake, what ever happens, I am sure it'll be for the best.
jerry: He gave her all the gifts; he felt guilty.
jerry: I know it is!
jerry: I hate the Drake! Maybe the whole thing was a scam. Anybody can just get engaged and get presents and just keep them all. Maybe they're on their way to Chicago tomorrow and do the whole thing all over again.
jerry: Don't worry, they'll make friends fast with that nice TV.
jerry: Hey, guess what? The Drake broke up.
jerry: I don't know about defraying.
jerry: We're not gettin' that TV.
jerry: You are.
jerry: Because that's your thing!
jerry: Yeah, that's your thing.
jerry: (to George) You know, I'm thinking about getting a yo-yo.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Charity?!? That's apalling.
jerry: Your father got arrested? For what?
jerry: Ho-ly!
jerry: So what are you gonna do?
jerry: What?
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: What's over?
jerry: She dumped you?
jerry: Drop dead?
jerry: She's pretty rough!
jerry: 240 bucks?
jerry: Used?
jerry: That's their policy.
"jerry: To me, the whole concept of fear of success is proof that we are definitely scraping the bottom of the fear barrel. Are we gonna have to have AA-type meetings for these people? They'll go ""Hi, my name is Bill, and the one thing I'm worried about is to have a stereo and a cream-colored couch."" According to most studies, people's number-one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. *Death* is number two! Now, this means to the average person, if you have to go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy."
jerry: Look we've been through this already. You're not an actor!
jerry: I know. So why do we need two people in the show that can't act?
jerry: My grandmother's in the hospital.
jerry: This is real believable.
jerry: It stinks.
jerry: Say something funny.
jerry: Ah..........
jerry: We're acting. (they stop laughing)
jerry: No.
jerry: (to George) He wants to play Kramer in the Pilot.
jerry: Hello? Yeah he's here. (to Kramer) Hey! It's for you.
jerry: (to George) Again with the sweat pants?
"jerry: You know the message you're sending out to the world with these sweat pants? You're telling the world ""I give up. I can't compete in normal society. I'm miserable, so I might as well be comfortable."" (George is baffled)"
jerry: (to Kramer) Who is it?
jerry: NBC!?! Give me the phone!
jerry: Get off the phone!
jerry: You know I'm waiting to hear from them. Who was it?
jerry: All right. Now you're doing something to help me. (to the phone) Hello yeah it's Jerry Seinfeld returning the call. Uh-huh.. O.K. great thanks a lot. (hangs up)(to George) Casting tomorrow at NBC. 400. We're in business baby, the pilot's on. You're gonna successful. (George looks disappointed)
jerry: Where?
jerry: Get out of here, it's nothing. (Jerry knows George is hypochondriac. See 'The Heart Attack')
jerry: Would you stop?
jerry: If you go, maybe they'll catch it in time.
jerry: Whatever it is.
jerry: (to George) You know these squeegee-- Oh my God! It's crazy Joe Devola.
jerry: Yeah, where is Russell? I thought he was gonna be here.
jerry: (thinking) They've gotta be kidding.
jerry: Everything all right?
jerry: No you didn't. He knows he's bald.
jerry: (getting up) Uh, you know what? I'll read with her.
jerry: Alright, want to start?
jerry: O.K.
jerry: What look?
jerry: I gave a look?
jerry: (smiling and surprised at the way Tom is talking) Good.
jerry: Very good
jerry: (to George) It was a wonderful reading.
jerry: Yeah, I liked him.
jerry: (to Kramer) What are you doing here?
jerry: Oh, don't worry about it. Very talented, very takented young actress.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: She's an eskimo, actually.
jerry: She came down from Juno by sleigh, she was in the Iditarod. Got to the finish line, just kept going. She's got the dogs with her in the hotel room.
jerry: No, he didn't show up.
jerry: No. No you're not.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Yeah. Have you noticed anything else that's different since the new management?
jerry: Beside that. Look at the waitresses.
jerry: What physical characteristic would you say is common to all of them?
jerry: I mean look at this. Every waitress working here has the same proportions. Wouldn't you say?
jerry: What's going on here. How is that possible?
jerry: No. I haven't seen four women like this together outside of a Russ Meyer film.
jerry: Hey that's life. Good-looking men have the same advantages. You don't see any handsome homeless.
jerry: What did he say?
jerry: Alright. So?
"jerry: Well, maybe he doesn't have a ""get outta here"" kind of personality."
jerry: Can't you at least die with a little dignity?
jerry: Hey. What happened to you yesterday?
jerry: Mugged?
jerry: Why didn't you use the bathroom in the building?
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: What is it?
jerry: You didn't go?
jerry: The % thing to do is just not think about it.
jerry: He's a little backed up.
jerry: Oh, the sisters (he sits at the table)
jerry: This is what you gonna wear?
jerry: You're not gonna get the job.
jerry: (to the phone) Hello. Oh, hi. Yeah I guess we could do that. At what time? All right. I'll see you there. O.K., bye. (hangs up)
jerry: TV Elaine. She wants to get together and talk about the part.
jerry: They're having sex in the hotel room.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: Uh, Huh, yeah.
jerry: Well, she's fascinated with Greenland. She enjoys teasing animals, banlon, and seeing people running for their lives. She loves throwing garbage out the window, yet she's extremely dainty.
jerry: With her hands.
jerry: Also with her hands.
jerry: Everything?
jerry: All right she cuts her pasta with a knife.
jerry: Shaft.
jerry: She likes talking during sex.
jerry: No. Just chitchat, movies, current events, regular stuff. You know Sandi-- (looking at his watch)
jerry: What?
jerry: All right. Elaine.
jerry: Well--
jerry: Actually she has a thing where she spirals her tongue around, it's like--
jerry: I think you got it.
jerry: It's made up. Haagen-Dazs is made up. It's not Danish.
jerry: No I'm not. (to Michael) George. Is Haagen-Dazs Danish?
jerry: Danish. Is it from Denmark?
jerry: George? (walks away to talk privately. George, still casual, taps on Jerry's shoulder) I don't have a lot of experience with this acting stuff. But from what I can gather, they're a little touchy about being told how to say the lines.
jerry: I don't know, but they don't seem to like it. By the way how am I doing?
jerry: Why would he steal a box of raisins?
jerry: Nothing.
jerry: No.
jerry: Are we going out?
jerry: Do you want me to break up with you?
jerry: I don't even know what you're talking about.
jerry: All right. We're broken up.
jerry: Ah! You're fine. There's nothing wrong with you. I'm the one who's dying.
jerry: Because I can't act! I stink! I don't what I'm doing!
jerry: This show's gonna ruin my entire career. I don't know how I got involved in this.
jerry: This actress playing Elaine, she's out of her mind.
jerry: Why?
jerry: You mentioned the raisins.
jerry: Did he take 'em?
jerry: Well if he didn't take 'em, what happened to 'em?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Any luck?
jerry: What about bran?
jerry: Well my friend, (Jerry puts his hand on Kramer's shoulder) it may be time to consider the dreaded apparatus.
jerry: Oh, it's not that bad!
jerry: (to Elaine) So, you going to the taping tomorrow night?
jerry: Oh, come on you gotta go! He's harmless. He's got a little crush on you.
jerry: We need you there!
jerry: Try Elaine.
jerry: Just relax, you'll be fine.
jerry: You're just like George. George'd do the same thing. You're just like him. It's amazing!
jerry: Good evening, folks. How you doing? (small reaction from the crowd) Well, you sound like a great crowd. We have a show we're gonna put on for you tonight. It's a new TV show. It's what they call a pilot. And we hope it becomes a series. It's called 'Jerry', and I'm playing Jerry--
jerry: Yeah, it's what John Wilkes Booth yelled out when he shot Lincoln.
"jerry: It means ""Death to tyrants""."
jerry: No, it starts in five minutes. You were there at the taping, what's the big deal?
jerry: Hey, what about Russell? Did you hear from him?
jerry: Strange. Even not showing up at the taping...
jerry: Well, well, well.
jerry: All right. Come on sit down. It's about to start.
jerry: A wallet? Let me see that.
jerry: Ah, man! It's my father's wallet! The one he thought they stole at the doctor's office that time.
jerry: How do you like that?
jerry: Hey George.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I like sneakers.
jerry: Nah, you're crazy anyway.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Oh yeah. He's good. You know he's John Ritter's cousin.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Hello, Charles.
jerry: Why don't you start in the bedroom?
jerry: Hey. The butler's here.
jerry: I'm not sending him to your house.
jerry: Because the judge decreed he'd become my butler, not my friend's butler.
jerry: But I don't want to.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: More Pledge! I just bought two cans last week and I don't even have any wood in the house!
jerry: What's all this about?
jerry: You had a date? You went out with my butler? Who said you could go out with my butler?
jerry: Because he's my butler!
jerry: Ever notice a lot of butlers are named Jeeves?
"jerry: You know I think when you name a baby Jeeves, you've pretty much mapped out his future, wouldn't you say? Not much chance is gonna be a hitman I think after that. (with a British accent) ""Terribly sorry Sir, but I'm going to have to whack you""."
jerry: Let's go out and celebrate! (they all get up)
jerry: Come on let's eat something. (phone rings)
jerry: (to the phone) Hello?
jerry: Oh, hi Rita.
jerry: Oh, my God. Did he get fired?
jerry: Russell's disappeared?
jerry: You're passing already? But the show just ended two minutes ago!
jerry: Yeah, see ya. (he hangs up)
jerry: Do you realize his obsession with you cost us a TV series?
jerry: No one knows.
jerry: Hey look at this. What is going on here?
jerry: What a family!
jerry: What?
jerry: So, what's her name?
jerry: Is she nice?
jerry: So you like her?
jerry: You don't know?
jerry: Well do you feel anything?
jerry: All right, let me ask you this when she comes over, you're cleaning up a lot?
jerry: You're just straightening up or you're cleaning?
jerry: You do the tub?
jerry: On your knees, Ajax, hands scrubbin', the whole deal?
jerry: Okay, I think you're in love!
jerry: Tub is love.
jerry: So there you are. You've got a nice girl and a clean apartment.
jerry: Sexual?
jerry: Below the equator?
jerry: Nobody does. You know, nobody knows what to do. You just close your eyes and you hope for the best. I really think they're happy if you just make an effort.
jerry: You got the tap?
jerry: The tap is tough.
jerry: Well maybe she just wanted to move on to other business.
jerry: It's a very complicated area.
jerry: It's a haaazy mystery.
jerry: Really?
jerry: And the guy never knows?
jerry: How can he not know that?
jerry: I guess after that many beers he's probably a little groggy anyway.
jerry: What?
jerry: Are you saying...
jerry: With me?
jerry: You faked with me?
jerry: You faked with me?
jerry: No.
jerry: You faked it?
jerry: That whole thing, the whole production, it was all an act?
jerry: What about the breathing, the panting, the moaning, the screaming?
jerry: I'm stunned, I'm shocked! How many times did you do this?
jerry: All the time?!
jerry: But I'm so good.
jerry: She faked.
jerry: Maybe they've all been faking.
jerry: No no, it was no joke.
jerry: No. None.
jerry: (raising hand) Faked 'em all.
jerry: The woman had an orgasm under false pretences. That's sexual perjury.
jerry: How did she do it? She's like Meryl Streep this woman. And I had to work the equipment. I'm not unskilled, I'm in the union. If she'd at least told me, maybe I could have done something about it.
jerry: What could you have done?
jerry: I'm feeling very inadequate about the whole thing.
jerry: Don't aaaaah! I'm supposed to do something with her later? I don't even think I wanna see her.
jerry: Hello... Oh hello Elaine.
jerry: I don't know, I'm not really in the mood.
jerry: What, the grilled cheese? Naaah, they always burn the toast.
jerry: Oooh that. Well...
jerry: Yeah I guess. So you wanna meet at that place at seven thirty?
jerry: All right.
jerry: Bye.
jerry: I really don't feel like seeing her.
jerry: (confused) What?!
jerry: You faked it? Why would you do that?
jerry: Yeah, but why would you... (Kramer is eating a peach then disgusted he spits it out) Bad peach?
jerry: Did you get that at Joe's?
jerry: That's surprising, his fruit is usually the best.
jerry: You're returning used fruit?
jerry: Satisfied?
jerry: Meryl Streep?
jerry: Ah, she's okay.
jerry: Yeah. You don't want coffee or anything do you?
jerry: Yeah, yeah, can we get off of this?
jerry: Nothing.
jerry: Nooo.
jerry: Give me another shot!
jerry: Another shot, I want another shot.
jerry: Yes!
jerry: Come on! One shot, I can do it, I know I can do it!
jerry: Oh friendship... friendship, shmanship .
jerry: We won't ruin the friendship.
jerry: Elaine...
jerry: A half hour, give me a half our.
jerry: Okay, fifteen minutes. I guarantee you fifteen minutes, I can make it happen!
jerry: You're worried I'll be able to do it aren't you?
jerry: That's it, that's it. You like having this over me, you don't want me to do it.
jerry: Come on, Elaine!
jerry: Elaine?!
jerry: Well good night.
jerry: Oh that Meryl Streep, she's such a phony baloney.
jerry: Oh what, you're upset?
jerry: No I can't, maybe you're faking.
jerry: I'm sorry too.
jerry: You're a baby!
jerry: They're mysterious little fellows aren't they?
jerry: You know it happens to everybody. It happened to Houdini. And he could get out of a trunk under water with his hands in chains! But he had a problem with that. The miracle is that it ever happens.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Why can't you get it?
jerry: What happened?
jerry: (to George) No. (to Kramer) I told you not to say anything.
jerry: Well you'll have to go to the supermarket.
jerry: Oh so what I'm going to buy all your fruit now?
jerry: Hello... Oh hi Patty, thanks for calling me back. I-I just wanted to ask you a question when we we're going out did you have orgasms?... Okay, thanks... No that's it... Ya, Okay, bye.
jerry: Patty Lawrence had 'em!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Hello Elaine? Patty Lawrence had orgasms what do you think about that? And I got calls in to six other women and I bet you they confirm an orgasm too. So what do you have to say now Elaine?... Hello?
jerry: Why do I feel like I'm doing something wrong?
jerry: All this? It's too much. What do you need five mangos for?
jerry: Avocado? I don't know how to pick out an avocado.
jerry: How soft?
jerry: (looking over the list) Hmm ah. I'm not going through this every week, I tell you that right now. And what are these? Plums? What is that?
jerry: Uh huh. Well how do I know what they look like on the inside? What do they look like on the outside?
jerry: Plantains?
jerry: What the hell is a plantain.
jerry: (grabbing the list from Kramer) You're not getting any plantains.
jerry: Hey Joe.
jerry: Good, just getting some fruit for myself. Uh, gotta have fruit in the house. I like it as a snack. Wholesome, natural, chock-full of vitamins. Alright let's see... mangos... four plums with red on the inside... avocado... (looks at Joe; Joe gives him a weird look)ooo, just right... and three plantains uh ought to do it.
jerry: What?
jerry: (shocked) Wha, what are you talking about?
jerry: I can't buy mangos and plantains?
jerry: You're making a big mistake, Joe!
jerry: Are saying you're banning me from the store?
jerry: I'm banned?!
jerry: Put it over there.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: You're thinking about it too much. You're putting too much emphasis on it.
jerry: Sorry, I don't have any cash.
jerry: What?
jerry: What is it?
jerry: Well well, if it isn't the first lady of the American Theatre. (Elaine smiles and rolls her eyes at him) What brings you here?
jerry: Oh and I've got some things of yours here.
jerry: Well I'll get them.
jerry: All right. (goes into his hallway and comes back) You got my fins?
jerry: I got your poker chips. You got my goggles?
jerry: They're next to the poker chips.
jerry: I guess.
jerry: Yeah, see you.
jerry: (shocked) What?
jerry: Are you serious?
jerry: Sex... to save the friendship. (Elaine drops her bag, takes off her jacket and walks into Jerry's bedroom) Well, if we have to (un-tucks his shirt) we have to.
jerry: It's all George's fault. All that talk about impotence. It got to me. And that orgasm stuff orgasm this and orgasm that. It's a lot of pressure!
jerry: Oh, it won't be for that long.
jerry: Hey, my parents are just as crazy as your parents.
jerry: My father has never thrown anything out. Ever!
jerry: My mother has never set foot in a natural body of water.
jerry: A smirk?
jerry: I told you I'd lend you the money for the rent.
jerry: (Stopping the notion) What's that?
jerry: (quietly) Hello, Mrs. Costanza.
jerry: Fine, Mrs. Costanza. (Attempts to get Estelle to laugh) Hey, I got a terrific joke for you..
jerry: No, no. It-It's really funny. There's these two guys-
jerry: (setting down a box) No thanks.
jerry: I really don't eat it.
jerry: I don't know if I'd feel comfortable handing out bologna sandwiches in the building..
jerry: Well, I guess we'll be going.. (Heads for the door)
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Oh, Elaine and I are going out to dinner with Kramer and his new girlfriend.
jerry: Yeah, You can't believe this woman. She's one of those low-talkers. You can't hear a word she's saying! You're always going 'excuse me?', 'what was that?'
jerry: Yeah, take it easy. (Leaves)
jerry: Right.
jerry: Well..
jerry: Excuse me?
jerry: Yeah.. yeah.
jerry: Puffy.
jerry: Yeah, that's right!
jerry: (Points at Elaine) And the indigent.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: Yep..
jerry: (Shrugs) I - I don't get it.
jerry: What is it?
jerry: They're hands!
jerry: (Gets up, and displays his own hands) Well, what about my hands? I don't see how your hands are any better than my hands.
jerry: Well, that's what comes from avoiding manual labor your whole life.
jerry: It's just like in the movies.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: (Explaining) George has become a hand model.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: Oven mitts?
jerry: Alright. (Jerry opens the door for George)
jerry: Uh-huh.. (Finally realizes what Kramer said, he looks up) Since I said what?
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: (Goes up to it) This?
jerry: I agreed to wear this?!
jerry: But, when did I do that?
jerry: What are you, crazy?!
jerry: I don't know! I couldn't understand a word she was saying! I was just nodding!
jerry: Where I go? You mean she was asking me to wear this ridiculous shirt on national TV, and I said 'Yes'?!
jerry: But, I - I didn't know what she was talking about. I couldn't hear her!
jerry: I - I can't wear this puffy shirt on TV! I mean, look at it! It looks ridiculous!
jerry: They're making these?
jerry: (Like a little kid) But, I don't want to be a pirate!
jerry: (Resisting) Kramer, how am I gonna wear this?! I-I can't wear this!
jerry: (Obviously mad at the situation he's in) 'Why am I wearing is now?? I'll tell you why I'm wearing it now - because the lowtalker asked me to, that's why! And I said 'yes'. Do you know why? Because I couldn't HEAR her!
jerry: When we were at dinner, when Kramer went to the bathroom.
jerry: (Yelling out) Of course not! Nobody hears anything when this woman speaks!
jerry: (Arms out, complaining) I have to wear it! The woman has orders for this shirt based on me wearing it on TV.. they're producing them as we speak!
jerry: (Mumbling out) Thank you, Bryant.
jerry: (Looking down at the shirt; mumbling) Oh, thank you.
jerry: Yeah, it's a puffy shirt.
jerry: (Nervous laughter) Yeah.. like a pirate.. (Attempting to get on another subject) Anyway, ah, you know, we're hoping to, um, raise enough money.. with this.. uh..
jerry: Uh-huh, yeah. (Smiling, nodding, clearly wanting Bryant to shut up)
jerry: (Losing it, mad) Look, it's not my shirt.
jerry: What's the difference? I agreed to wear it. It's - it's a puffy shirt. I feel ridiculous in it, and I think it's the stupidest shirt I've ever seen, to be perfectly honest with you. (Nodding)
jerry: (Pointing off screen, nodding) THAT I heard.
jerry: Oh, just keep your voice down. Everyone can hear you.
jerry: (Reasoning) You know, if you talked this loud to begin with, I wouldn't be in this costume in the first place!
jerry: Yeah.
"jerry: (Pointing out) It didn't do me any good either! That benefit was the worst show I ever did. Some of those heckles were really uncalled for ""Avast ye matey"" - what the hell does that mean?! ""20 degrees off the starboard side - the Spanish Galleon!"" - there's no comeback for that!"
jerry: Really? What happened?
jerry: What happened with all the shirts?
jerry: (While digging in his pocket for some money, he looks over the shirts one last time) You know, it's really not a bad looking shirt..
jerry: No. You?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: You got me the air conditioner?
jerry: Beautiful!
jerry: Is it a good one?
jerry: Commando 8?
jerry: All right.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: So you're tunneling to the center of the Earth? (Elaine laughs silently)
jerry: He was running from a bee. (Elaine laughs)
jerry: There's a lot of change down there.
jerry: We're behind you, Aquaboy. Godspeed!
jerry: Hey, he just got me thirty percent off on an air conditioner.
jerry: (bored) Come on, George. Pick a face and go with it.
jerry: (While looking at posters of women wearing glasses) I think these women would be pretty good looking if they weren't wearing glasses.
jerry: Are you okay? Did he bite ya?
jerry: Oh I'm gonna take you over to the emergency room.
jerry: (To George) Hey, any luck? Did you catch 'em?
jerry: All right, I'm gonna take Elaine over to the hospital.
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: What is it?
jerry: Yeah, yeah, in a second, in a second. (And to George) What do you mean you can't tell me?
jerry: I'm asking!
jerry: Yeah, yeah, take care of it. (Jerry throws her some toilet paper) Come on, George, what is it?
jerry: What?
jerry: Amy and Jeffrey?
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: But you can't see, there's no lenses in those frames.
jerry: We're gonna have to talk about this later. (Elaine holds the door open for Jerry while holding her leg) Thank you. Taxi!
jerry: Why not? They could have met. She loves the park, he works for the Parks Department.
jerry: But he was squinting.
jerry: Are you kidding? I've seen 'em squint. He can squint his way down to like twenty, thirty vision. Once we were driving down from the Catskills and he lost his glasses. He squinted his way from Wortsborough down to the Tappan Zee Bridge! He was spotting raccoons, on the road!
jerry: Nah, look at this. Cable's out.
jerry: No, no, no. No trouble at all, it's a principal the thing. (Jerry picks up the phone and dials the number) I like them to know that I know what's going on. That they're not... getting away with anything. Oh, I'm on hold. So, what did you do yesterday?
jerry: Yeah, you remember yesterday? Beautiful day... good day to be... out.
jerry: (laughing) Oh you must have done something.
jerry: Didn't go out of the house? Didn't take a walk... on Columbus Avenue?
jerry: Well, your day's getting more interesting already. (Jerry shows the phone) Ah, see, told me they'd be back in a minute and THEY lied.
jerry: No you can't. (hangs up the phone) Now let's cut the ball, sister! You think I don't know about you swapping spit with somebody yesterday on Columbus Avenue?
jerry: Look, my friend saw you.
jerry: You tell me.
jerry: There isn't?
jerry: Oh... all right... wanna get some pizza?
jerry: Why?
jerry: No, no, there's no side!
jerry: No, no, no ugly side.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Uuh, so we can still go out on Friday though?
jerry: It's coming! It's a Commando 8! 12.000 BTU's! It's gonna be like a meat locker in here.
jerry: I was an idiot for listening to you!
jerry: Ooh, everything was going so well. She hadn't seen any flaws in me. Now she sees a side.
jerry: A bad side, an ugly side.
jerry: So what? I wasn't planning on showing that side for another six months. Now you make me throw off the whole learning curve.
jerry: Ah, he'd just deny it.
jerry: Amy said nothing happened.
jerry: Yeah, but you're blind as a bat!
jerry: They were mailboxes, you idiot. I didn't have the heart to tell you.
jerry: (Stunned) No, keep it. (Elaine enters the apartment) Hey what happened to you? You buzzed five minutes ago.
jerry: A little white dog?
jerry: Snowball? You were afraid of Snowball?
jerry: He's like a squirrel.
jerry: You know, you should just go back to the optical store and ask Dwayne if he knows the name of the owner of the dog.
jerry: Hey, Kramer, Elaine's afraid of Snowball!
jerry: I don't know what to believe! You're eating unions, you're spotting dimes, I don't know what the hell is going on.
jerry: Hey wait a second, wait a second. I'm going over to Jeffrey's apartment tomorrow night to pick up these Paul Simon tickets. I'm gonna surprise Amy. All I gotta do is bring her with me. And then when Jeffrey opens the door, it's Howdy Doody time.
jerry: I don't know what to tell you, Elton.
jerry: (To George) Who picked these out?
jerry: They're ladies' glasses! You know all you need is that little chain around your neck so you can wear 'em while you're playing Canasta.
jerry: Hey, hey.
jerry: Take it to the window.
jerry: Just in time for Amy.
jerry: Rabies.
jerry: Hey, hey, what is this? What's going on here?
jerry: Oh he'll be home, it's Friday night. That's the big night on the Nature Channel.
jerry: He does look like a horse.
jerry: Hey, shall we spit on him?
jerry: Oh, you'll find out.
jerry: Well, I'm very mysterious by nature. (Jerry knocks on the door) A lot of women find that attractive.
jerry: Oh?
jerry: Uncle Leo?!
jerry: This is Amy.
jerry: Unlce Leo, what are you doing here?
jerry: Ooh! Very convenient.
jerry: Oh really?
jerry: Uncle Leo! Did he leave any tickets here for me?
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: To the Paul Simon concert in the park!
jerry: That's right, lady!
jerry: I thought you'd like that.
jerry: Now you know. That, and that alone, is the reason.
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: (To Amy) Aha! So it's true! You were making out with him!
jerry: Oh very convincing, but it's not gonna work this time.
jerry: Oh... oh... wanna get some pizza?
jerry: I still don't know how you spotted that dime. I think you planted it. Plus I had to pay that vet bill for the stupid dog. I don't know how that guy got my name.
jerry: So, does he like you?
jerry: You like him?
jerry: So, how did you meet him?
jerry: So, he's a writer.
jerry: Yeah, big surprise.
jerry: So, what did you do?
jerry: Sounds like a jerk. Felt your material, come on.
jerry: Oh, what do you think? I found it at the back of my closet.
jerry: (taps on the window) Hey...
jerry: That's Barry Prophet, he's our accountant.
jerry: Hey Barry, how you doing?
jerry: This is my friend George.
jerry: Yeah, so how's my money?
jerry: What, you got a cold?
jerry: Bathroom uh, bathroom's uh right over there.
jerry: Did you see that?
jerry: What was all that sniffing?
jerry: You don't think...?
jerry: I mean what if, what if, this this guy has got all my money. Plus he has got some Kramer's money with him. This guy could write checks to himself right out of my account.
jerry: Then, what was all that sniffing?
jerry: Today's not cold.
jerry: Sniffing, with his nose.
jerry: No, I asked him.
jerry: I don't know, you know, what if...?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: All I know he was sniffing.
jerry: I know.
jerry: Look, it doesn't necessarily mean anything yet, it just means he was sniffing.
jerry: No, he didn't use 'man'.
jerry: No, but in one point he did use the bathroom.
jerry: Do you think that's a bad sign?
jerry: I don't know. (takes off his sweater) This sweater really itches me. You want it?
jerry: You're out of your mind you know that.
jerry: It's an exclamation point! It's a line with a dot under it.
jerry: A call for one, you know I thought I've heard everything. I've never heard a relationship being affected by a punctuation.
jerry: George was right. Didn't take you long.
jerry: Good idea. (Jerry calls Barry's office)
jerry: Yes, I'd like to speak to Barry Prophet, please.
jerry: Out of town?
jerry: South America?
jerry: I'll call back, thank you. (hangs up the phone) He went to South America!
jerry: Who goes to South America?
jerry: Yeah, and they come back with things taped to they're large intestine.
jerry: Yes, I'm impugning a continent.
jerry: Hello Newman.
jerry: Wait a second. Maybe there is someway we can tempt him and find out...
jerry: All right, shut up the both of you! You're making me nervous. Where is he already? He should've been out of work by now.
jerry: Yeah maybe you should.
jerry: All right, what are you gonna say to him?
jerry: No, you stay here in the car.
jerry: All right Newman, one more peep outta you, you're out of the whole operation!
jerry: There he is. He's going into that bar.
jerry: Be careful Kramer.
jerry: No, you stay here in the car. I may need you.
jerry: I might need you to get me a soda.
jerry: You should try this new dental floss Glide, it's fantastic.
jerry: You should try this.
jerry: Not even once?
jerry: You're an idiot.
jerry: Right, anyone who uses dental tape is an idiot.
jerry: What do you mean you don't like it? How could you not like it?
jerry: 'Dear Barry. Consider this letter to be official termination of our relationship effective immediately.'
jerry: 'I will expect all funds in form of cashier checks no later than the 18th'.
jerry: Yeah, I'll give you yours as soon as I get my money back.
jerry: Yeah, thanks.
jerry: You know this...
jerry: Hi Ralph.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Mohair, I think.
jerry: You mean you just started sniffing?
jerry: I was wearing that sweater in the coffee shop when Barry came in.
jerry: Oh no! The letter, Newman, it's got exclamation points all over it!
jerry: The what??
jerry: Sorry I'm late, I just came from a meeting with my lawyer.
jerry: It's a letter from your friend Barry Prophet's lawyer.
jerry: Bankruptcy, bankruptcy...as in I've taken your money and spent it on drugs!
jerry: What about the money? Apparently if I had dissolved my relationship with him prior to his filing chapter eleven, I've could've got the money back. Which I would've done, if a certain imbecile had been able to get to a mailbox and mail a letter!!
jerry: Think so?
jerry: Half silk, half cotton, half linen. How can you go wrong?
jerry: (interrupting) Thanks, that's enough.
jerry: (Looking away) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
jerry: Yeah, I looked. I saw.
jerry: No, Uncomfortable? Not at all. (ASIDE TO ELAINE) My friend's wife's breast sticking out - why would that make me uncomfortable?
jerry: So how long do they do this?
jerry: No break?
jerry: So after the sucking, comes the weaning.
jerry: Well, you gotta wean.
jerry: Yeah, I saw the spot.
jerry: George...
jerry: (to Elaine) Where's Kramer? Shouldn't he be here by now.
jerry: Ya, 1397.
jerry: Will you shut up George.
jerry: You were saying Stan? I-I'm sorry about that.
jerry: Me? Godfather?
"jerry: (a la ""Don Corleone"") Never go against the family, Elaine."
"jerry: (a la ""Don Corleione"") Elaine, never ask me about my business!.... (SHEEPISH) ""Godfather."""
jerry: The bris?
jerry: Well, maybe we should.
jerry: Maybe they're admiring your spot.
jerry: A Mohel is the person that performs the circumcision.
jerry: Oh, finding a Mohel is a piece of cake. Any idiot can find a Mohel. I have to hold the baby while they do it. That's a tough job. How would you like that?
jerry: You mean that wasn't uh.
jerry: No.. you?
jerry: What'd you think?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Ah, you're screwed.
jerry: How about our little Elaine huh? Attended the finest finishing schools on the Eastern seaboard. Equestrian competitions. Debutante balls. Look at her now. Interviewing Mohels.
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: What now?
"jerry: (Kramer shows Jerry and Elaine the paper) ""Hospital receives grant to conduct DNA research"".."" Government funds genetic research at area hospital"" ... Yeah, so?"
jerry: Oh, will you stop it. Just because a hospital studying DNA research doesn't mean they're creating a race of mutant pig-men!
"jerry: Believe me, there'd be plenty of women going for these pig-men. Whatever the deformity is there's always some group of perverts that's attracted to it. ""Oo that little tail really turns me on."""
jerry: Oh, what's the matter this doesn't interest you?
jerry: (TO GEORGE) Hey George, you ever see one?
jerry: So what'd you think?
jerry: Alright, I'm waiting. I-I want to see the pig-man. Show me the pig- man.
jerry: Maybe he's just a guy with a nose like this. (holds his nose up like a pig) You know a lot of people have a nose like this, they're not necessarily pig-men.
"jerry: Well, if I hear an anguished ""oink"", I'm outta here. I-I don't see any pig-men. Look (HE POINTS AT PASSERBY) Human, human, human... (HE LOOKS DOWN CORRIDOR, WITH ALARM.) (WITH MOCK ALARM) Wait a second! (Grabs Kramer)"
jerry: Oh, it's George.
jerry: Alright Kramer, enough of this. Let's go find George.
jerry: Kramer.
jerry: Where's the Mohel?
jerry: He's late already.
jerry: I don't know why he asked me to be the Godfather. We're not even that close of friends. Just cause we're on the softball team, I'm the pitcher, he's the catcher he thinks we have a special relationship?
jerry: Well maybe in hardball with all the signals and everything but I'm just lobbing it in. We don't have any conferences. He doesn't come out to the mound and encourage me.
jerry: Don't they have any closer friends. They're level jumping on our friendship.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: (uncertain) Yeah. I'm holding the baby.
jerry: I'm going.
jerry: I'm going.
jerry: Don't push me.
jerry: Hurry up George! Step on it!
jerry: That damn Mohel - he circumcised my finger! The Mohel circumcised my finger!
jerry: Flinched? I did not flinch. George, did I flinch?
jerry: Who's got a tissues? I need more tissues! Look at this thing. It's my phone finger!
jerry: Oh the baby's fine. They just took him to the hospital as a precautionary measure. But look at me. I'm the one who's hurt.
jerry: A few stitches? I've never had stitches. I'll be deformed. I can't live with that. It goes against my whole personality. It's not me!
jerry: That was a one in a million Mohel.
jerry: Look at this.
jerry: Oh well if it isn't Shakey the Mohel! Nice job on the circumcision but it's not supposed to be a finger.
jerry: Oh who made you a Mohel? Whadya, get your degree from a matchbook?
jerry: Nice Mohel picking, Elaine. You picked a helluva Mohel!
jerry: Oh don't threaten me, Butcher Boy.
jerry: Ya what was this? (HE IMITATES MOHEL'S FLINCHING)
jerry: It was not!
jerry: (struggling to open a bottle with his bandaged finger) I can't do it. (A LA GODFATHER) Look what they did to my boy, They massacred my boy.
jerry: (walking over the the buzzer to answer it) Oh, that's the Flicks.
jerry: Myra, Stan.
jerry: What's the matter?
"jerry: Professional tennis. To me I don't understand all the shushing. Why are they always shushing. Shh, shh. Don't the players know that we're there? Should we duck down behind the seats so they don't see us watching them? To me tennis is basically just ping-pong and the players are standing on the table. That's all it is. And that goofy scoring, you win one point and all the sudden you're up by 15. Two points, 30-love. 30-love. Sounds like an English call girl. ""That'll be 30, love... And could you be a little quieter next time, please, shh."""
jerry: Are these seats unbelievable or what?
jerry: Here.
jerry: What, are you on Mercury?
jerry: You got a problem with paba?
jerry: You don't even know what paba is.
jerry: I'll go if someone else drives. You going?
jerry: You're bringing a date to a party?
jerry: A party is a bad date situation. It doesn't matter who you're with. You could be with J. Edgar Hoover. You don't want to sit and talk with Hoover all night. You want to circulate. (Makes hand motions) Ho, ho, ho.
jerry: Well I would think, with the law enforcement and the cross dressing. Seems like an interesting guy.
jerry: That woman is absolutely stunning.
jerry: Not the Croat, the lineswoman. That is the most beautiful lineswoman I've ever seen.
jerry: B.L.?
jerry: I can't take my eyes off that lineswoman. The woman is absolutely mesmerizing.
jerry: I gotta talk to her. What do you think?
jerry: I'm going to psyche myself into it like those people that just walk across the hot coals.
jerry: I have to. I won't be able to live with myself.
jerry: I can't.
"jerry: I don't know, ""Hi""."
jerry: Excuse me. (Woman ignores him) Excuse me? (Still ignores him) Oh that's nice. That's right ignore me. That's real polite. Yea nobody's even talking to you. All you big lineswoman. Oh you've got some kind of a cool job. I know your type thinking your too good for everyone, but it's women like you (woman turns around and notices him) oh well, what are you deaf?
jerry: I'm not *saying* she's deaf, she's deaf.
jerry: Can't hear a thing.
jerry: Yeah, isn't that something?
jerry: Really?
jerry: I met this deaf lineswoman at the tennis match.
jerry: Wow good plan.
jerry: That's nice.
jerry: (turning to Kramer) That's nice for the freaks.
jerry: Why don't you get him some tickets or something, how about that friend of yours that works at the ticket agency.
jerry: Kramer, I think perhaps you've overlooked one of the key aspects of this activity. It's ball *boys*, not ball men. There are no ball men.
jerry: All right I'll talk to her. If you want to be a ball man go ahead, break the ball barrier. (Elaine drinks straight out of the orange juice container) Hey.
jerry: But I thought things were going great.
jerry: Did she say why?
jerry: But that's your routine.
jerry: So she sees you with hot fudge on your face and she ends it? You really think she would be that superficial?
jerry: Hello... Oh hi dad... You saw him?... Really with the ice cream?... All right I'll talk to you later, bye.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: He thinks Gwen broke up with him because she saw him eating the ice cream on TV.
jerry: Well if a couple breaks up and have plans to go to a neutral place, who withdraws? What's the etiquette?
jerry: I think she should withdraw. She's the breaker, he's the breakee. He needs to get on with his life.
jerry: Really.
jerry: Well I don't care, I don't want to go anyway. I don't want to fight that traffic on Friday night.
jerry: Really?
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Oh I got a date with Laura the lineswoman.
jerry: Why? (George fiddles with the lock on the door.) Well what are you doing?
jerry: Oh, uh, do you want to come with us?
jerry: Let's get the check. (Waves in the air) Is this uh considered signing? Do you do this when you want the check?
jerry: Really. I know a sign, that's my first sign.
jerry: She reads lips.
jerry: (Puts his hand over his mouth) What?
jerry: (Holds his drink up to his mouth) She's not a novelty act, George. Where you hire her out for weddings and bar mitzvas.
jerry: (Puts his napkin over his mouth) I don't know George. I'm not sure about this.
jerry: (Puts his hand on his chin over his mouth) All right.
jerry: Uh Laura, George was wondering if...
jerry: So I really had a good time.
jerry: So you want to go to the party on Friday night?
jerry: All right, we're taking a car service. So we'll swing by and pick you up. How about six? (Laura looks offended). Six is good. (Laura looks offended and angry). You got a problem with six? (Laura opens the door and gets out). What? What?
"jerry: See I was saying ""six"" but she thought I was saying ""sex"". We straightened the whole thing out though."
jerry: Yeah.
"jerry: Well ""six"" and ""sex"" are close."
jerry: Eh.
jerry: Well I'm not dating any other deaf women.
jerry: You're kidding.
jerry: In five minutes. He's then going to pick us up, then we're going to pick up Elaine, and Laura is going to meet us there.
jerry: I know. It's like X-ray vision.
jerry: Can't do it Newman.
jerry: It's not going to happen.
jerry: Uh just pull over right there by the stop sign.
jerry: I said pull over by the stop sign.
jerry: ca.
jerry: You know the whole idea of taking the car service was so I wouldn't have to fight the traffic on Friday night.
jerry: I know. I'm late. Hey now I know two signs, (puts his hand in the air) check, and (points to his watch) late. Hey this is the guy you helped become the first ball man.
jerry: Hey Todd.
jerry: Hi tide?
jerry: No. If I lend her to you I'll have to lend her to everybody.
jerry: I know and on the first tournament of her comeback.
jerry: Thus ends the great ball man experiment.
"jerry: I've always been a big fan of the little check move. You know (does the motion for the check) Check, Check. Unless the waiter isn't too shape then you gotta total it up. Sometimes they come over, ""Do you want the check?"" No I wanna be pen pals, can't you see what I'm doing here? I'm trying to be cool and impress people."
jerry: I told ya. How good is this?
jerry: How good?
jerry: I know it.
jerry: Coffee. And they grind up the coffee beans, and put it in.
jerry: Huh? Huh?
jerry: Suave! And it's non-fat!
jerry: You know, Kramer's gonna clean up on this place.
jerry: He invested in it.
jerry: Yeah. We've been coming here everyday. This is so fuck(bleeped)ing good.
jerry: Oh, I'm sorry.
jerry: Who is it?
jerry: Oh, oh.?
jerry: Hi.
jerry: He's gone, George.
jerry: Oh, man, that yogurt place - you're going to make a fortune.
jerry: They're doing an incredible business.
jerry: How did you know?
jerry: (answering the buzzer) Yeah?
jerry: Hey, I had the show of my life last night. I ad-libbed like ten new minutes.
jerry: (pulling out a tape from his pocket) Vvvvup. Right there. I got it. I did this thing on the Ottoman Empire. Like, what was this? A whole empire based on putting your feet up?
jerry: I'm telling you, I got like a whole new Tonight Show here.
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: Boy, it's hard to believe - with all that biting experience - a person could still make a mistake like that.
jerry: Kramer!
jerry: Me?
jerry: No.
jerry: I've gained eight.
jerry: How did I gain eight?
jerry: Me, either. Wait a second. Wait a second. Maybe it's that yogurt.
jerry: Well, how else could this have happened?
jerry: What about me?
jerry: Maybe your yogurt isn't so non-fat.
jerry: There must be some kind of lab that would do that kind of thing.
jerry: Well, let's start the insanity.
jerry: And they said they can do it?
jerry: All right. Let's go down to the yogurt store, and we'll get a specimen.
jerry: What?
jerry: Gee, I'm really sorry.
jerry: I'd be happy to.
jerry: Ah, Mary, we've been eating a lot of your husband's uh yogurt at the yogurt place - does that have any fat in it?
jerry: Hello, Newman.
jerry: It was an accident. I'm going to talk to him.
jerry: How's it doing?
jerry: So what.
jerry: Oh, you don't know what you're talking about.
jerry: You call me fatso one more time; you're going to be walking back.
jerry: What do you got there?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: You can't take that chemist out.
jerry: Because she's like the jury. She's going to be sequestered.
jerry: Well, I think the whole thing stinks.
jerry: That's enough.
jerry: With the smelling.
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: Well, so, what are you going to do? Sit in the doctor's office doing this? (moves his arm) He's gonna think you're a mental patient.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: No, I believe he can.
jerry: Hi!
jerry: Listen, Matthew, I-I want to explain something to you. Now, cursing is not something that most comedians do.
jerry: That's true. But it was an accident. And I haven't done it since. And I would never do it again. And if you continue cursing, you'll never become a comedian like me when you grow up. (phone rings) Excuse me one second.
jerry: (quickly moves over toward Matthew) What the *beep*(fuck) are you doing? You little piece of *beep*(shit)!
jerry: (surprised) He said that?
jerry: No, but I expect to hear anytime.
jerry: Why do you say that?
jerry: Name tags?
"jerry: Oh, I see. So you can go, ""Hey, you know who I saw wilding today? Herb!"""
jerry: (on the phone) Hello? Yes. Uh-huh. Ya. Oh, really? Okay, thank you very much. Bye-bye. (hangs up the phone) Well, the yogurt verdict is in. (Kramer looks at Jerry with his arms out) Fat!
jerry: Look, Elaine, I've been thinking about this. This has got to be a massive conspiracy. Who knows how deep it goes. Hey, look, wait a second, (looking at the TV) Kramer, turn that up.
jerry: Non-fat yogurt? Oh, my god. They got Giuliani and he doesn't even know it.
jerry: Well, we've got to do something. (grabs his phone) I'm calling Giuliani's headquarters.
jerry: The old yogurt was so much better. Oh, this is terrible.
jerry: I can't eat this.
jerry: It had fat in it, it's not good for you.
jerry: So, in effect, the yogurt won him the election.
"jerry: The old-fashioned barber shop is unfortunately becoming a thing of the past, now what went wrong? Well first of all there's a twenty thousand dollar chair to make a three dollar tip. I say cut back on the chair, update the magazines. Why do barbers always display that license? There's no laws in hair cutting, except show every person the back of their head that's the one law. I don't want to see the back of my head. Why do I want to see something that I'm never going to see at any other time? When I buy pants two salesmen don't lift me up by the legs and go ""how do you like crotch?"" If I wanted to see everything I would have been a fly."
jerry: What do you mean that's it?
"jerry: ""Of course"" was the last thing he said?"
"jerry: ""I want you to have this job, of course sodomy is a prerequisite."""
jerry: So if you call and ask if you have the job, you might lose the job.
jerry: You might have the job, but you'll never know it. What kind of company is it?
jerry: Hey
jerry: Shower?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Who'd you use? Gino?
jerry: Well I've been going with him for 12 years. I can't switch. I'd hurt his feelings.
jerry: Really?
jerry: I believe they've had a cure for polio for quite some time.
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Oh hi Enzo.
jerry: No, actually I was just gonna...
jerry: Well I, if it's your day off I really... (tries to leave)
jerry: Well I don't want to take too much off.
jerry: I know.
jerry: What if I shampoo? Sometimes a shampoo helps.
jerry: I can't. He loves me. He says I'm his most loyal customer. Plus he's right there on the corner. I'd have to pass him every day when I go by.
jerry: I can't, I can't. I'd break his heart.
jerry: He was in the shop. I thought you told me he wasn't going to be there.
jerry: I didn't want to hurt his feelings.
jerry: Yea but...
jerry: No, no Kramer. I don't want you to do that. You can't do that.
jerry: I don't want you to call him.
jerry: Yeah that's a tough one. What are you going to do about that?
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: What do you mean you show up?
jerry: Hmm. Not bad.
jerry: Well, you'd be embarrassed and humiliated in front of a large group of people and have to walk out in shame with your tail between your legs.
jerry: Yeah, I see what you mean. I forgot who I was dealing with here.
jerry: So what did you do there all day?
jerry: So it's a nice place to work?
jerry: What about your boss? The guys you interviewed you?
jerry: Hi.
jerry: I got a haircut.
jerry: Oh there's nothing to see.
jerry: Forget it.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Alright, that's very good. Thank you.
jerry: Well I'll tell you this, you can forget about me going to that bachelor auction.
jerry: Hey
jerry: Yeah, but how am I...
jerry: Oh. thank you.
jerry: Well actually Enzo hasn't said that to me in a while.
jerry: That's nice of you to say.
jerry: In the one minute he worked on me I could tell he was really good.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Enzo picked up one of my hairs off the floor.
jerry: I think he knew.
jerry: Who do you know? He knows my hair.
jerry: Okay, okay.
jerry: He didn't get to finish it. His uncle came in. We almost got caught.
jerry: Take the K-man.
jerry: How do you know?
jerry: Who is it?
jerry: All right, go in the bedroom. Open the window. You can go out the fire escape.
jerry: What do you want?
jerry: What's wrong with yours?
jerry: You can't unclog it?
jerry: Did you ask Kramer?
jerry: Number one?
jerry: All right. Flush twice.
jerry: All right?
jerry: All right, I'll see you later.
jerry: I'm watching Edward Scissorhands.
jerry: Yeah all right.
jerry: You want something to drink?
jerry: If you want to watch, sit down. You're making me nervous. I tell you this Scissorhands is a hell of a barber.
jerry: I don't get this Scissorhands. What, is he supposed to be like a super hero, like Green Lantern or somebody? What's with this guy? (Gino looks at him annoyed) Just asking.
jerry: Who is it?
jerry: Oh my god, he knows. (Jerry and Gino scrambling) Go. (yelling to the door) One second.
jerry: No I wasn't there. (enters and slams the door)
jerry: Sample? (under his breath) Newman. Uh, I was there but I was just dropping off a book.
"jerry: If there's a serial killer lose in your neighborhood, it seems like the safest thing is to be the neighbor. They never kill the neighbor. The neighbor always survives to do the interview afterwards. Right? ""Oh, he was kind of quiet."" I love these neighbors. They're never disturbed by the sounds of murdering, just stereo. Chain saws, people screaming, fine. Just keep the music down. And all these women who always fall in love with the serial killer. They write to him in prison. Here's a woman that's hard to disappoint. I guess she's only upset when she finds out he's stopped killing people and she goes ""You know sometimes I feel like I don't even know who you are anymore""."
jerry: No eight years isn't such a long streak.
jerry: No I haven't vomited in thirteen years.
jerry: Not since June 29, 1980.
"jerry: Yes, because my previous vomit was also June 29th... 1972. That's why during the '80 vomit, I was yelling to George ""Can you believe it? I'm vomiting on June 29th again."""
jerry: No Elaine he's normal. Your boyfriend is a normal guy. He just happens to have the same name as one of the worst serial killers in the history of New-York.
jerry: But you like your Joel Rifkin.
jerry: Ask him to change it.
jerry: Why not?
jerry: If someone asked me nicely. I'm Claude Seinfeld.
jerry: Yeah. Eighteen strangles.
jerry: Hey did you hear that George got back with Karen?
jerry: Risotto. (we see a flashback from The Mango where Karen tells George that she feels full after a Risotto, as opposed to when she has sex with him)
jerry: Yeah. He's really got a good thing with her. In fact I'm doubling with them tonight.
jerry: George likes them, he feels it's a good personality showcase. He likes a date to see him with a friend so she can get a window into his nondate personality.
jerry: He feels he's funnier, more relaxed.
jerry: Jody the masseuse.
jerry: No! How many times do I have to go out with her before I get a massage?
jerry: Yeah I know... She just wants to have sex.
jerry: So it's like going to Idhao and eating carrots. I like carrots, but I'm in Idhao, I want a potato.
jerry: (to Jody) My neck is killing me. Right in this spot. Very tender over here.
jerry: (touching the back of his neck) It's like somebody's pulling on wires back here.
jerry: Yeah. Let's go.
jerry: Yeah. Good seeing you again Karen.
jerry: I strained my neck last night.
jerry: I tried brushing my teeth by holding the brush and moving my head from side to side. It didn't work.
jerry: No deal. Why?
jerry: Oh well, he was just showcasing his nondate pesonality.
jerry: Yeah. Sometimes he really makes me tense (he takes Jody's hand and put it on his shoulder)
jerry: Yeah, he's disgusting. (putting her hand back on his shoulder. She unconsciously starts to massage a little while watching TV)
jerry: Yeah, me either. (he takes her other hand and put it on his other shoulder)
jerry: Yeah, he's a bad seed.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: Yeah. (disappointed)
jerry: No. The sex was fabulous.
jerry: I want the massage!
jerry: I tried putting her hands there (on his neck) but she pulls it away immediately, she's not into it.
jerry: I guess 'cause it's her job. It's very frustrating.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: She had a good time.
jerry: Pretty much.
jerry: What?
jerry: Yeah (a so-so yeah as he takes a sip of coffee)
jerry: I was blowing on the coffee.
jerry: Look it's not like you're gonna be spending a lot of time with her.
jerry: No.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: Yes.
"jerry: ""I don't like him."""
jerry: Not everybody likes everybody!
jerry: You were very nice!
jerry: It has nothing to do with her sister.
jerry: Oh no. That was the dry heaves.
jerry: Jodi.
jerry: What are you doing here?
jerry: Kramer! (tries to hide he's upset and jealous)
jerry: I'll see you tonight. (he's opening his door apartment as Kramer comes out of his in a bathrobe)
jerry: Who told you to get a massage from her. I haven't gotten a massage from her yet!
jerry: So you had a good time.
jerry: Enjoyed yourself.
jerry: All right now you listen and you listen good! (he grabs Kramer's legs and throws him down the couch)
jerry: The massages are out!
jerry: Ahh!!! They're out!
jerry: Because if I can't get one, you're not getting one.
jerry: I'm sorry, Kramer. (he goes back to the kitchen)
jerry: Don't you ever talk about her like that!
jerry: That's final!!!
jerry: What's the matter with you?
jerry: You just had one yesterday. What do you need another one for?
jerry: Oh please.
jerry: Well, did you get the ball?
jerry: Well, I never even caught a foul ball at a baseball game.
jerry: Why don't you get somebody else?
"jerry: Well, that's it! Tonight's the night. I'm getting one. No ""if and's or but's""."
jerry: (whining like Kramer) Ask Newman.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Ah, no problem. That's fine.
jerry: That's new age music. Sounds of the forest. I find it soothing. Hey, look at this! What do you know? A massage table! This is great! (he starts to install the table)
jerry: Just checking it out. Look at how this thing is made. Can I tell you something? That's a hell of a piece of equipment.
jerry: No, nonsense. This one's fine. (as he sits on the table)
jerry: Go? Why go anywhere? (as he places his hand over hers. She starts to massage his shoulders a little) Ahh, that feels good. Yeah. That's, uh... That's good. (he tries to go further. He grabs her hands over his shoulders and he lies down on the table on his chest) Yeah, that's nice. That's very nice.
jerry: Why, what's wrong? (he grabs her hands and force her to keep them on his shoulders)
jerry: No. Yes you can. (he hangs on)
jerry: Come on! I know it's something you wanna do! (she pulls harder and he falls right off the table)
jerry: What do you mean, no?
jerry: Look, who are you kidding? You come up to my apartment with your table and your little oils, and I'm not supposed to expect anything? You're a massage teaser.
jerry: Fine. Go.
jerry: What for?
jerry: You need to talk?
jerry: George, anything you have to say to her, you can say in front of me.
jerry: What?
jerry: I can see that.
jerry: Don't worry. (she leaves)
jerry: You're a lucky guy.
jerry: George. I wouldn't push for the massage. (George nods)
"jerry: The swedish are very big massagers. You know? They like the swedish meatballs, swedish massage. They like having meat in their hands these people, for some reason. But it's weird because they have the highest suicide rate, they're rubbing each other's necks all the time for a neutral country they seem kinda tense. I don't really like the idea of getting a professional massage. I don't want people touching me that don't know me and don't want to have sex with me. You know what are you bothering me for? You get me all loosened up, juices flowing, and then that's it ok, you're done. It's like having chocolate rubbed all over your face, you know you wanna go ""Excuse me, I think you missed a spot."""
jerry: You can always tell what was the best year of your father's life, because they seem to just freeze that clothing style and just ride it out to the end, don't they? And it's not like they don't continue shopping, it's just they somehow manage to find new old clothes. Every father is like this fashion time capsule, you know what I mean. It's like they should be on a pedestal, with someone next to 'em going 'This was nineteen sixty-five'. To me the worst thing is shopping for pants. I hate dressing and undressing in that little room. What men need is a place to shop where you go in, you check your pants at the door, and you just walk around the store in your underwear. That would be the best way. Then you'd really have to lie to the salesman. 'Need some help?' 'No, just getting some air.'
jerry: How would you describe the smell in this house?
jerry: Yeah, that's part of it. (sniffs) Kasha?
jerry: Yeah. Dandruff, kasha, mothballs, cheap carpeting. It's pot pourri, really.
jerry: You're not allowed to have people over?
jerry: (picks it up) I was having coffee, I put it on the coffee table.
jerry: What's the big rush?
jerry: Who?
jerry: Eh, eh, ah. Winona's gonna be there?
jerry: (interested) Really?
jerry: Thanks, because I would really like... (distractedly puts coffee cup back on the table)
jerry: Alright, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (picks it up again)
jerry: Just put a coffee table book over it.
jerry: There you go. That'll get you home in time.
jerry: I'm sorry Elaine, I'll make it up to you.
jerry: (handing her a magazine) Here, read this.
jerry: Hey, maybe I should get Elaine something.
jerry: Ah, you know, I didn't drive her home. Plus, I give her a gift in front of Winona, how does that hurt me?
jerry: What about, what about this thing?
jerry: Yeah. You know, kind of a peace offering. Cute.
jerry: Alright, I'll take it.
jerry: Surprise! (he carries in the object)
jerry: Well, I felt bad about this afternoon, so I got you something.
jerry: Hi. Hi Winona. Nice to see you again.
jerry: I don't need a reason to give gifts, it's my nature. I love to make people happy.
jerry: Are you ready?
jerry: (whips off bag to reveal Indian) Ta-da!
jerry: It's a cigar store Indian. (to Elaine) Read the card.
jerry: Read it out loud.
jerry: (takes the card from Elaine) We had a little fight this afternoon. (reading from card) Let's bury the hatchet. We smoke um peace pipe.
jerry: Hey-yah, ho-ah, hey-yah, ho-ah.
jerry: ...ho-ah. It's, it's, it's kitschy.
jerry: She is?
jerry: Uh, Winona, it's Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: Uhm, listen, I really felt bad about what happened, and I, I, I'd really like to apologise. Can I come up?
jerry: And well it should be. I think if you spent any time with me at all, you'd see I'm very sensitive to these matters as well. You wouldn't be hungry by any chance, wouldya?
jerry: You like Chinese food, 'cos I once went to a great Szechwan restaurant in this neighbourhood. I don't remember the exact address... (he spots a mailman crouched emptying a box) Uh, excuse me, you must know where the Chinese restaurant is around here.
jerry: I asked because you were the mailman, you would know the neighbourhood.
jerry: I didn't know that...
jerry: I, I had no idea.
jerry: Yeah, did a good job.
jerry: You know, I don't get it. Not allowed to ask a Chinese person where the Chinese restaurant is! I mean, aren't we all getting a little too sensitive? I mean, someone asks me which way is Israel, I don't fly off the handle.
jerry: Ah, she kinda calmed down. I talked to her today. In fact I'm gonna see her tonight.
jerry: Yeah, but I'm a little uncomfortable. I'm afraid of making another mistake.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Uh, Elaine took it to read on the subway.
jerry: Wa, it's two weeks old.
jerry: You collect TV Guide?
jerry: I'll see you later. (he leaves with unseemly haste)
jerry: I thought we'd eat at the Gentle Harvest.
jerry: Ah, don't worry. I made reser... (catches himself)
jerry: I uh, I uh, I arranged for the appropriate accommodations. And then, Knick tickets, floor seats.
jerry: Got 'em on the street, from a scal... (catches himself again)
jerry: A uh, one of those guys.
jerry: You know, the guys, that uh, they sell the tickets for the sold-out events.
jerry: Wait a second, you got the Mark McEwan TV Guide.
jerry: Oh well, they're both chubby weathermen. I get Dom Deluise and Paul Prudhoe mixed up too. Could I have this?
jerry: Thanks.
jerry: So, Winona had the TV Guide. Told you I'd make it up to you.
jerry: Yeah. You almost ruined his life's work.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What'ya do with the one you took?
jerry: I thought it was a pretty good idea. It's about coffee tables, it's on a coffee table.
jerry: Where you going?
jerry: My Indian?
jerry: Well, why would I assume. I never assume. Leads to assumptions.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Well, it's too late. I gave it to Elaine, and she's already on her way to give it to George's father.
jerry: You can't give something and then take it back. I mean, what are you... (catches himself)
jerry: A uh, a person that uh...
jerry: Well, a person that gives something and then they're dissatisfied and they wish they had, had never uh...
jerry: ...give, given it to the person that they originally gave it to.
jerry: I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.
jerry: I don't know why we didn't think of this before. We just could call TV Guide.
jerry: Well, it's gonna make Mr Costanza very happy. (he hands the magazine to Elaine)
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: It is a good idea, Elaine.
jerry: You want a gyro?
jerry: Elaine!
jerry: I was always excited as a kid, when that new TV Guide would come. Somehow when that front cover's nice and flat, seems like there's good fresh TV shows in. Then, as the weeks go by you start to hate the TV Guide. All the shows stink. Everything's getting all crumpled and ripped from being sat on, thrown across the room. TV Guide is always thrown, never handed, to another person. It's the world's most thrown reading material. 'Where's TV Guide?' (mimes throwing) 'There it is.' You know in the back of the TV Guide, they have a phone number, ninety-five cents a minute, they will give you the answers to the TV Guide crossword puzzle? My question is, if you can't do the TV Guide crossword puzzle, where are you coming across ninety-five cents?
"jerry: You know doctor is supposed to be such a prestigious occupation. But its really like one of the only jobs where you have to have your diploma right up there on the wall. It makes them seem so insecure, doesnt it? ""I really am a doctor you know. You think Im not, just check it out."" I dont know why they need these little bits of psychological leverage over us all the time. ""Go in that little room, take your pants off, wait 15 minutes, and Ill give you my opinion."" After that, anyone that comes in with pants on seems like they know what theyre talking about. In any difference of opinion, pants always beats no-pants."
jerry: Then he asked you out?
jerry: On your heart?
jerry: Doctor? Hes a podiatrist.
jerry: Anyone can get into podiatry school. George got into podiatry school.
jerry: Oh hi.
jerry: Yes, Ill be stopping.
jerry: See you later. (to Elaine) Well we cant all be dating podiatrists. (Elaine laughs)
jerry: How did you get in?
jerry: Looks like a swan.
jerry: Shes limiting herself to Latvian Orthodox? Too bad.
jerry: Oh, whatever.
jerry: Mmm, succulent.
jerry: To Latvian Orthodox?
jerry: You know its not like changing toothpaste.
jerry: Yeah well King Edward didnt live in Queens with Frank and Estelle Costanza.
jerry: Oh yeah.
jerry: Oh I dont know. Not always. No I uh I had to work at it. When I was a kid all the kids would be out playing, I would be up in my room practicing my kissing.
jerry: To wash my hands. Theyre sticky from the orange.
jerry: Right there.
"jerry: (thinking to himself; picks up a tube) ""Fungicide"". Fungus?"
jerry: Fungicide. I mean what could she have?
jerry: Exactly
jerry: I said I was coming down with the flu or something and I had to go home.
jerry: I didnt open it. It was open. I just nudged it a little.
jerry: I was not snooping. I did not break the seal. There was no breaking and entering. I wouldnt do that.
jerry: Why dont you ask that doctor what it is?
jerry: But thats what podiatrists do. They deal in fungus. Theyre knee- deep in fungus. This guy knows fungus.
jerry: What?
jerry: Thats all there is to it.
jerry: And when is Brother Costanza planning on telling Mother Costanza?
jerry: Oh a slinky.
jerry: Why did she give you that?
jerry: What do you mean she liked you?
jerry: You picked up on a vibe, from a nun.
jerry: Yea alright.
jerry: Oh hi.
jerry: (weakly) A little better. (fake cough)
jerry: Okay.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Bye.
jerry: Shes subletting Carols place for a month.
jerry: Yeah but theres a problem. I found a tube of a fungicide in her medicine cabinet.
jerry: So I dont know what shes using it for.
jerry: I didnt even think to look.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah Ive got this old bottle of cough medicine.
jerry: Hi
jerry: Hi. Can I use your bathroom?
jerry: Fine all done, just looking for the soap.
jerry: No I dont see it.
jerry: Okay, Latvius was the son of which apostle? And Ill need that in the form of a question.
jerry: Hey, did you talk to the doctor?
jerry: All right, the next time you see him show him this. (He presents the bottle of fungicide.)
jerry: Not on purpose. I was hoping there would be a name on the tube. When are you seeing him again?
jerry: How could you say that?
jerry: I was merely speaking extemporaneously.
jerry: Me too.
jerry: Yes. Hes a doctor. (Elaine starts to leave. ) Wait a second. (Jerry puts the bottle of fungicide in Elaines purse.) (to George) What are you doing?
"jerry: (Reading words George wrote on his hand) ""Matthew, Luke, Paul"", what youre cheating on your conversion chest?"
jerry: What?
jerry: Who?
jerry: How do you know?
jerry: Wow
jerry: What is that stench? I got it. (He follows the smell to Kramers door) Ah hah.
jerry: Hey. What are you doing?
jerry: The Kavorka? Whats that?
jerry: What is this thing around your neck?
jerry: You know youre funcifying the whole building.
jerry: Kramer. (knock, knock, knock) Kramer.
jerry: Good. Whats the matter?
jerry: Bonkers?
jerry: Oh its your cat!
jerry: Ooh, nothing.
jerry: Elaine its her cat. Her cat had the fungus. So I need the tube back.
"jerry: But once you put medicine in your medicine cabinet you're never using it again. Any medicine you're using, is on the sink. It's not really even a medicine cabinet, it's really like an ointment museum isn't it? It's like here's a saff from 1983, some cream from the 70s. But you want to keep it private, because a medicine cabinet is a place that reveals our weaknesses and it can really throw off the balance between two people that might be going out. Somebody peeks in there, ""Oh I see Mr. Perfect needs tough actin' Tinactin. Well I guess I'll be calling the shots in this relationship from now on."""
jerry: The whale is supposed to be such an intelligent animal. You know you always here about how they can communicate by song from miles away. How extensive their vocabulary is. I would say from the rate we are pushing the whales off the beach back into the ocean the words shore and close do not appear to be in their vocabulary. I would say if the whales concentrate a little less on the singing and a little more on approaching Quervo beach volleyball tournament. If you wanna maintain the brainy mammal image.
jerry: (eating pop corn) hmm I love this artificial flavoring I like it better than butter I think it's more consistent
jerry: what?
jerry: who do you think she is? how dare she? you want me to get the manager? too bad they don't have those old ladies walking around with flashlights anymore we'd flush her out
jerry: I wonder where Elaine is sitting? I really wanted you to meet her she's supposed to be here tonight with her new boyfriend Tony
jerry: hey
jerry: what's the matter with yours?
jerry: It's not one of those 976 calls, is it?
jerry: why do you do that?
jerry: hey where were you last night? I looked for you, I didn't see you
jerry: oh with huh.. pretty boy.. Tony
jerry: hey hey (fooling around with his collar)
jerry: Tony, hey hey (continues fooling)
jerry: huh huh
jerry: no what?
jerry: oh.. whoa..
jerry: well maybe she couldn't spare it
jerry: well, you know, sometimes a square is everything
jerry: Elaine, you cannot judge a person on a situation like that. I mean it's like asking for someone's canteen in the desert
jerry: it's battle conditions
jerry: oh.. Jane she uh.. she uh..
jerry: yeah that should be real fun
jerry: yeah
jerry: (on the phone) hey Andre, get the hell off the phone!
jerry: Kramer's Andre, he's fooling around with these 976 numbers (Kramer walks out of the bedroom) hey I told you, I don't want you doing that on my phone
jerry: hey you know it's weird because that voice sounded a little familiar to me
jerry: no I gotta go downtown
jerry: yeah
jerry: oh uh nothing, she just.. choked on a jujube
jerry: I know, I just can't bring myself to do it meanwhile that freezer keeps getting smaller and smaller (she smiles) (Elaine looks at her watch) oh, don't wanna keep Tony waiting
jerry: hunky.. Tony.. hey hey hey (fools around with his collar again)
jerry: of course you would
jerry: Elaine
jerry: different for a man
jerry: we're expected to be superficial
jerry: Elaine, he's a.. he's a male bimbo, he's a mimbo
jerry: and that's why you're going out with him
jerry: you know, I think George has a non-sexual crush on him
jerry: I mean, every time I see him, it's Tony this, Tony that. George is like a school girl around him
jerry: yeah yeah what is it with you and Tony? what are you? it's like his sidekick now?
jerry: cool guy? what are you, in 8th grade?
jerry: you're making sandwiches?
jerry: (to Kramer) who is it?
jerry: yeah, so?
jerry: did you say flinty?
jerry: oh look at that I got oil all over me. Can I have your napkin?
jerry: you napkin I'm dripping
jerry: I used it up
jerry: you know I'd like to hear about this job of yours
jerry: you're fine (goes to the bathroom)
jerry: just press it
jerry: (coming out from the bathroom) who was it?
jerry: oh..huh.. is she coming up?
jerry: oh.. uh.. you know your breath is a little garlicky you better take some gum.
jerry: Yeah have a couple of pieces, weak, weak gum yeah
jerry: have some more, take some for the road.
jerry: trust me.. nah it's good
jerry: yeah stinks, terrible
jerry: hi Elaine
jerry: this is Jane Elaine
jerry: Saturday night (she leaves)
jerry: I know it's a big problem.. she puts like four pieces in her mouth, it's ridiculous, I don't think we're gonna be able to get together on Saturday night
jerry: well it's too much, it's embarrassing
jerry: she's one of these people, always have to be different
jerry: well
jerry: well aside from that from that, how did he like the sandwiches?
jerry: I've been waiting a while for this. You know it's a shame Tony got all banged up, we're not gonna be able to get together on Saturday night
jerry: yeah, it's a damn shame, a damn shame!
jerry: yeah without a doubt, I'm down (Kramer enters) oh hey how're you doing? Jane this is my neighbor Kramer
jerry: wait, where are you going? where are you going?
jerry: alright I changed my mind, uh yeah I don't think I'm not gonna go now
jerry: Ok.
jerry: See ya. (Jane Leaves; after the door closes Kramer jumps in shock) what's with you?
jerry: who?
jerry: oh you think she's Erika, the phone sex woman
jerry: oh you're crazy
jerry: It's impossible
jerry: it can't be
jerry: alright that's enough
jerry: what?
jerry: oh you're afraid he might look like Zippy the pinhead
jerry: oh I though you didn't care about his looks
jerry: aha
jerry: oh I'm sorry I didn't get most of that.. isn't that Kramer over there?
jerry: hey Kramer
jerry: what's all set?
jerry: how's you get her to meet here?
jerry: oh my god
jerry: hello.. Erika
jerry: how can u say things like that over the phone?
jerry: selling sexual pleasure over the phone?
jerry: paper goods?
jerry: thanks
"jerry: Now of the course the thing is Extreme sports. Bungie jumping. To me if Bungie jumping is a sport so is being a crash test dummy. Just leaning does not make it a sport. It's like a Wiley Coyote idea isn't it? The thing I wonder about the sky diving is why do they even bother with the helmets? Can you almost make it? Why don't they just wear a party hat? What's the difference? You jump out of a plane from twenty thousand feet in the air the chute doesn't open I got news for you, the helmet is now wearing you for protection. Later on the helmet's talking to the other helmets going ""boy it's a good thing he was there or I would have hit the ground directly."""
jerry: I once got Happy New Yeared in March.
jerry: It's pathetic. . . . hey, is it cold out?
jerry: Scary cold.
jerry: That. (pointing at George)
jerry: When did you get that?
jerry: You like saying Gore-Tex, don't you?
jerry: Look at this
jerry: Yeah. (pointing at Elaine as he goes into the bedroom)
jerry: The fabric of society is very complex George.
jerry: I tell you George, I don't think we want to walk in there and put a big plastic jug of Pepsi in the middle of the table.
jerry: You know, you're getting to be an annoying little chore yourself.
jerry: You are. I can't get that thing in my car. (referring to George)
jerry: Where's the heat in this car? Come on Elaine warm me up, oh! I'm cold. Just give me a little squeeze.
jerry: You're pretty comfortable up there eh, Bubble boy?
jerry: Jerry.
jerry: Mmm. Oh look Elaine, the black and white cookie.
jerry: I love the black and white. Two races of flavor living side by side in harmony. It's a wonderful thing isn't it?
jerry: I'm looking forward to it.
jerry: Thank you. All right, look at all this stuff. What are we getting'?
jerry: Love that babka.
jerry: So listen Elaine, when we get up to the door, you , you hold the cake box.
jerry: I don't know, just standing there with a box, holding it by the little string.
jerry: It's a tad dainty.
jerry: Oh, see that's not fair. We-We were here ahead of all these people.
jerry: Ah, no, forget it.
jerry: Well we saw you come in.
jerry: David!
jerry: Oh so you still don't believe us.
jerry: That's the last babka. They got the last babka.
jerry: That was our babka.
jerry: We had that babka.
jerry: Well what are we going to do now. If we can't get the babka the whole thing's useless.
jerry: Carrot cake? Now w-why is that a cake? You don't make carrots into a cake. I'm sorry.
jerry: Black Forrest? Too scary. You're in the Forrest, oohh.
jerry: How about a Napoleon?
jerry: That was our babka. We had that babka!
jerry: Another babka?
jerry: Well-well we got to get the cinnamon.
"jerry: I beg your pardon? Cinnamon takes a back seat to no babka. People love cinnamon. It should be on tables in restaurants along with salt and pepper. Anytime anyone says, ""Oh This is so good. What's in it?"" The answer invariably comes back, Cinnamon. Cinnamon. Again and again. Lesser babka - I think not."
jerry: and a black and white cookie, for me. Peace!
jerry: Uhm, see the key to eating a Black and White cookie, Elaine, is you want to get some black and some white in each bite. Nothing mixes better than, vanilla and chocolate. And yet still somehow racial harmony eludes us. If people would only *Look to the Cookie* -- all our problems would be solved.
jerry: Hmm. Look to the cookie Elaine... Look to the cookie.
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh, oh take it back. Let's get another one.
jerry: No no come on really, get another one. Itll take a second.
jerry: Well, I'm not going to eat a cake with a hair on it.
jerry: A little hair? Do you think that makes it better?
jerry: What if it's your hair?
jerry: Who needs that misty herbal rain water crap they sell in the health food store. I use Prell, the hard stuff. Hundred proof - takes your roots out. (pretends to pull hair out)
jerry: Well, maybe we should just forget about the cake?
jerry: No. Thats out of the question.
jerry: Because I had a bad experience with a hair when I was younger.
jerry: I'd rather not talk about it.
jerry: All right . . . . I once found a hair in my Farina and I freaked out.
jerry: Yeah.
"jerry: Well I started screaming, ""There's a hair in my farina. There's a hair in my farina."" Then I ran out of the house and I was running and running. And like I was little but I could run very fast. And I-I just kept running (In the background -- CLERKS VOICE 57) and they found me like three hours later collapsed at a construction site."
jerry: My mother's.
jerry: Oh, good.
jerry: Oh, that's lovely.
jerry: Thats what you want to see, yeah. . . . Yeah, you want to trade your hair for some phlegm.
jerry: Yeah thats a good deal -- you win the Pennant with that trade, hair for phlegm.
jerry: Huh, wa?
jerry: I dont know, I don't feel so good.
jerry: My stomach, I , think it was that cookie.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I think I got David Duke and Farrakhan down there.
jerry: Oh my stomach. I feel like I'm going to throw up.
jerry: I know, I haven't thrown up since June 29th, 1980.
jerry: Fourteen years down the drain. (points and walks off -- to the bathroom)
jerry: As good as it gets.
jerry: Oh, no thanks.
jerry: Hey, what happened to your coat? And what is the smell? Is-ya, What are you drunk?
jerry: What for?
jerry: George!
jerry: See ya'.
jerry: I love these nature shows, Ill watch and kind of nature show, and its amazing how you can always relate, to whatever theyre talking about. You know like youre watching the African Dung Beetle and youre going Boy, his life is a lot like mine. And you always root for whichever animal is the star of the show that week -- like if its the antelope, and theres a lion chasing the antelope you go, Run antelope Run! Use your Speed, Get away! But the next week its the lion, and then you go Get the antelope, eat him, bite his head! -- Trap him, dont let him use his speed!
jerry: Elaine, see this T-shirt, six years I've had this T-shirt. It's my best one, I call him Golden Boy.
jerry: Golden Boys always the first shirt I wear out of the laundry. Here... touch Golden Boy!
jerry: But see look at the collar, it's fraying. Golden Boy is slowly dying. Each wash brings him one step closer, that's what makes the T-shirt such a tragic figure.
jerry: No!!! The reason he's the iron man is because he goes out there and plays every game. Wash!!! Spin!!! Rinse!!! Spin!!! You take that away from him, you break his spirit!
jerry: The guy whos in the gulag?!
jerry: You wanna barrow Golden Boy!
"jerry: Hey ya know I read an unbelievable thing about Tolstoy the other day, did you know the original title for ""War and Peace"" was ""War--What Is It Good For?""!"
"jerry: No, no I'm not kidding Elaine it's true, his mistress didn't like the title and insisted that he change it to ""War and Peace""!"
jerry: That's were they got it from!
jerry: I'm not joking!
jerry: What?
jerry: Your mother reads your mail?
jerry: What do you mean like post-cards an...?
jerry: She doesn't open...?
jerry: You've caught your mother opening envelopes!
jerry: What did she say?
jerry: Isn't that against the law?
jerry: He can't handle the truth!
jerry: No.
jerry: It's a mammal.
jerry: Yeah, got it from the bank.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: I do.
jerry: I really wanna have fun.
jerry: Yeah, let me just stop by the cash machine and I'll meet you over at the coffee shop.
jerry: (he hits a few keys and looks over at her) Cash advance... yes (hits a key)  no (he looks over again) balance inquiry... no (he looks again) receipt.... no (he looks again) processing... processing... (He opens the box, pulls out his money and then looks at the woman and says) I won!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Oh Diane.
jerry: Good, good.
jerry: Since college.
jerry: Yeah pluggin' along.
jerry: Well he's kind of modest.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Marine biology.
jerry: Yeah, pretty damn good one, too!
"jerry: Yeah... hes specializing in whales. He's working on lowering the cholesterol level, in whales all that blubber -- quite unhealthy. You know its the largest mammal on earth but as George says ""they don't have to be."""
jerry: Something huh?
jerry: She looked great.
jerry: She asked about you.
"jerry: ""How's George?"""
jerry: Yeah she asked for your number, I think she's gonna get in touch with you.
jerry: I got no problem with that.
jerry: Expect a call.
jerry: Now, I should tell you that, at this point, she's under the impression that youre - a - ah
jerry: A marine biologist.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: I may have mentioned it.
jerry: Yes I know that.
jerry: Why, you don't think it's a good job?
jerry: Oh it's a fascinating field!
jerry: I did it for you.
jerry: You know with all do respect I would think it's right up your alley.
jerry: Well you came in the other day with all that whale stuff, the squeaking and the squealing and
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What?
jerry: Well what happened?
jerry: What, what, what's wrong with you?
jerry: Hey come on, you're getting it all over the floor!
jerry: (to the phone) Hello yeah yes it is really ah, ah Could you hold on a second? (to George and Kramer) Hey listen to this, some woman found an electronic organizer, my name was in it, she wants me to help her track down the owner.
jerry: Shes waking down the street and it hit her in the head!
jerry: Wow.
jerry: Yeah
jerry: Well you have insurance...
jerry: Unbelievable!
jerry: What is with this thing.
jerry: Absolutely. You should not have to pay for that.
jerry: Let me have a look at this thing.
jerry: Typical rich people, using the world for their personal garbage can.
jerry: I would like to know what my names doin in this creep's organizer to begin with.
jerry: Who do I know who would have even been in a limousine yesterday anyway. Uhh-O h-owow!
jerry: Oh, there you are!
jerry: So?
jerry: So what do you have to say for yourself?
jerry: Why should I have anything for say for myself?
jerry: A-Ahahahahah. Who told you?
"jerry: You told Testikov, (Elaine nods) that Tolstoy wanted to name his book ""War-- What Is IT Good For?""?"
jerry: Can I take a guess?
jerry: Oh I don't know, he threw your organizer out the window?
jerry: Because I know who has it.
jerry: Because the woman who got hit in the head with it found my name, called me up, and we met!
jerry: I don't have it!
jerry: Because she's not returning it until she gets the money back for the hospital bill.
jerry: How much is Testikov getting from Pendant for this book?
jerry: Well that's a start.
jerry: You know what room Testikov's in?
jerry: Well, you want your organizer back don't you?
jerry: Hey you know when Superman saves someone no one asks if he's trying to hit on her!
jerry: Well you're not Lois Lane.
jerry: Yeah I got it. You sure you want to do this? (hands Elaine the tape recorder.)
jerry: Oh, here she comes.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Elaine, this is Corinne.
jerry: All right lets go. We'll meet you back down here in ten minutes, hopefully with the money.
jerry: Yeah. Th-That's why I where these sneakers, in case of any trouble -- Zip, I'm gone. (makes a running motion with both arms and his right foot)
jerry: Oh! Rimsky -- great great book if I may say so sir. I almost read the whole thing.
jerry: It was nice meeting you
jerry: youre a real pleasure. (Jerry is being sarcastic)
jerry: Right in the head! (leans in and points at Testikov)
jerry: Mammal.
jerry: Well the-the crowd must have gone wild!
jerry: Wow! What'd she say?
jerry: All right lets go.
jerry: Ahhh got my laundry back.
jerry: He didn't make it.
jerry: Yea. (pulls at the t-shirt) This is Golden Boy's son Baby Blue.
"jerry: Aren't mannequins an insult to your imagination? You couldn't possibly visualize a sweater so we'll show you on this life size snotty puppet. I guess when they finish with them they become crash test dummies. That's the end of the line for a mannequin. ""What ever happened to Bob?"" ""Have you seen that new Volvo commercial? He's got a bulls eye right in his face."" Mannequins are only used for car accidents and fashion, I guess these are the two situations that it's impossible for us to imagine ourselves. Well dressed or getting killed. I'm sure there is some pro-mannequin organization that doesn't even like you to use the term mannequin. ""Hey they're not mannequins, they're the life deprived."""
jerry: Yeah. are you full?
jerry: Ah, here we go... apple pie! Best apple pie in the city. (Jerry starts eating) Mmm, delicious. I'm not waiting for you. Take some.
jerry: You're not gonna have any?
jerry: Do you not like apple pie?
jerry: Well, at least taste it.
jerry: You won't even taste it?
"jerry: Come on, try it! (Audrey shakes her head doing ""no"") A little taste! (still shaking) Come on. (still shaking)"
jerry: She wouldn't so much as taste it.
jerry: No. She wouldn't say anything. She just kept shaking her head like this (Imitating Audrey)
jerry: No. She carries Entemanns doughnuts in her purse.
jerry: The only thing I can think of is I told her we should have those moving walkways all over the city.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Tell me about it!
jerry: They could at least try it.
jerry: What's the harm?
jerry: (still talking to George) I'm sorry. There's no reason for her not to taste that pie.
jerry: Audrey.
jerry: Boy, I never broke up with anyone for not tasting pie???
jerry: You did?
jerry: Boy, I never heard of that happening to a woman?
jerry: (to Kramer) Uh... may I help you? (wondering what the hell's Kramer doing)
jerry: Keep it. (implied please)
jerry: (Jerry gets up and walk to these persons) Uh... Excuse me. I couldn't help but notice you offered her a piece of your pie.
jerry: And you waved it away.
jerry: Did you give her a reason?
jerry: You were full. So you gave a reason. You didn't just shake your head.
jerry: Exactly. You're not a psycho. You've been very helpful. Thank you very much. Allow me to leave the tip. (sits back with Elaine and Kramer) Well, I think we proven who the psycho is.
jerry: I think you know my policy.
jerry: No he's going downtown to guard the suit.
jerry: I can't beleive your father owns this place. So how are the desserts here?
jerry: You've tasted them?
jerry: Oh I see they have apple pie.
jerry: You've had the apple pie?
jerry: Audrey, I got to be honest with you. I'm a very curious guy. It's my nature. I need to know things. Not tasting the apple pie the other day, I can't get past it. You obviously like pies. You carry doughnuts in your bag, you're not averse to pastry. Surely you could see how such a thing would prey on my mind.
jerry: (like a frustrated child) Why can't I know?
jerry: Hello Poppie.
jerry: The pies. I'm going to the bathroom. You know. (he leaves)
jerry: Huh?
jerry: No, Nothing.
jerry: So she tought I did it to get back at her
jerry: I don't think that's the kind of thing you wanna hear about your father. But I'll tell you when he came out of that bathroom and he was kneading that dough, it was a wild scene.
jerry: Even if you're not gonna soap up, at least pretend for my benefit. Turn the water on, do something.
jerry: You know a chef who doesn't wash is like a cop who steals. It's a cry for help, he wants to get caught.
jerry: We haven't spoken.
jerry: Yeah, and Poppie's got problems...
jerry: Yeah, all right. Go ahead. (not very interested)
jerry: (very disinterested) Hum... ok, what else you got?
jerry: Oh, because I didn't think the blind guy did it?
jerry: Georgio! Nice duds!
jerry: Did you hear something?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: So what? What would they care?
jerry: So you think you're not gonna get the job because your pants make a noise?
jerry: You know, I think all these interviews are making you nuts.
jerry: Audrey?
jerry: Was it apple?
jerry: This woman is bending my mind into a pretzel!
jerry: Oh, I got to see this thing.
jerry: Boy, the resemblance is uncanny.
jerry: Well, I believe there's some legal precedent - Winchell vs. Mahoney,
jerry: The Charlie Macarthy hearings.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: Elaine, as your legal counsel I must advise against this.
jerry: I don't know about you, but I'm getting a hankering for some doublemint gum. Alright, I'm dropping you off at work, right?
jerry: Poppie's
jerry: Hello.
jerry: So how was the pie?
jerry: The apple pie you had today at Monks
jerry: Pretty good, wasn'it? I told you you should've tasted it.
jerry: Oh, about the... uh (Jerry pretend to wash his hands)
jerry: Well, Poppie's a little sloppy.
jerry: So you didn't get the job.
jerry: Kramer, you can't keep avoiding her like this, you're gonna have to say something.
jerry: Tell her you lost your itch.
jerry: Well you should tell her.
jerry: No. That's one for the ages. But I think they're gonna put Poppie away for a long long time.
jerry: It's not good.
jerry: Well at breakfast everybody reads.
jerry: You read during lunch?
jerry: Oh, well.
jerry: Ya, what's there to talk about.
jerry: Why don't you talk to her about how there's nothing to talk about?
jerry: At least you'll be talking.
jerry: Hey, Al.
jerry: Like Dwight and Mamie Eisenhower.
jerry: Ya.
jerry: Me?
jerry: Ya, see ya.
jerry: (points to George) Ya.
jerry: Could use a good laugh. You know what kind of pressure that is? Come on, come with me.
jerry: Oh, stop it.
jerry: So you're not gonna come?
jerry: Hey! Hey Mick.
jerry: Nothing, what's doing with you?
jerry: George this is Mickey.
jerry: How's work going you guys?
jerry: How do you stop a kid from growing?
jerry: I'm going to the hospital, to visit Fulton.
jerry: Hey, woahoh Fulton. It's me.
jerry: Who couldn't.
jerry: Oh don't worry, you'll crack. Cracking's inevitable, first you crack then you chuckle. That was the motto with the Russians at the Caesar Leningrad... first you crack then you chuckle. (Fulton looks at him not amused) You know because Leningrad when the Nazis attacked, it wasn't a very happy time... because of the war, famine, plus it was cold, very cold... they were eating each other. (Nervous under the pressure; Fulton not finding anything Jerry is saying funny) Maybe this isn't a good time for a visit.
jerry: Oh, alright ah well... There's a priest, a minister and a rabbi, and they're all staring at him....
jerry: ..so uh she's just sitting there and a uh Packyderm, you remember the derm. He says uh, I'm gonna go up to her. So we uh he uh picks up the two pieces of (wipes his brow) pizza and uh the uh and then they're steaming hot and they're burning his hands see so he... he's juggling em (does juggling motions) he's jugglin em, jus throwing them up in the air and just as he gets up to her down they go. (Swallows and takes a breath) Well we all just lost it. (Fulton not laughing, stone faced) It was really really funny.
jerry: Hey Phil how you doing?
jerry: I got my health.
jerry: (wiping his brow) He could use a couple laughs.
jerry: I told it. (Answers the buzzer) Ya?
jerry: Ya. (hits the button, opens the door. To Elaine) Hey you know what as I was leaving I bumped into Phil Titola. He is one of the greatest guys.
jerry: No, but I'll tell you something. Of all the guys I know, I could envision you going out with him.
jerry: If I was a woman I'd be down at the dock waiting for the fleet to come in.
jerry: Alright.
jerry: What?
jerry: So what are you gonna do?
jerry: Why?
jerry: Ya, I could see that.
jerry: No, me either.
jerry: None.
jerry: Fulton's wife told me it's all my fault. She said since my visit he's taken a turn for the worse.
jerry: (yelling) Yes I told him the Packyderm story!
jerry: Towards what end?
jerry: Hey Mick.
jerry: (starts pulling them apart) Alright break it up, break it up. Come on, just cut it out now (Kramer yells)
jerry: (to Mickey) Why does this guy Johnny have it in for you?
jerry: So what does he care if you put lifts in?
jerry: (on phone) Come on Adrian give me another chance, I know I could cheer Fulton up. I'll tell you what, I'll do my act (pauses for response from Adrian) No new material (Elaine enters) He's never heard it. He'll love it, I just did it at the Concord last week, it killed. (waves hello to Elaine; pauses for response from Adrian) Thank you, thanks fo.. you will not regret this. Ok, Bye. (hangs up phone; to Elaine) Hey.
jerry: So?
jerry: Come on. How was your date?
jerry: Ya how was it?
jerry: Really.
jerry: Why what happened?
jerry: Just put it.
jerry: (confused) He what?
jerry: He took what out?
jerry: He took It, Out?
jerry: He couldn't.
jerry: (motions of making out) Well you were involved in some sort of amorous...
jerry: You mean he just
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: There was no mistaking it?
"jerry: So you were talking, (Elaine makes an agreement sound ""mmm"") you're having pleasant conversation, (Elaine makes an agreement sound ""mmm"") then all of sudden..."
jerry: It.
jerry: Out.
jerry: Well I, I can't believe this. I know Phil, he, he's a good friend of mine. We play softball together. How could this be?
jerry: It.
jerry: Out.
jerry: Alright I'm going.
jerry: Well how long you are going to keep this up?
jerry: You know George they are doing wonderful things at mental institutions these days. I'd be happy to set-up a meet and greet.
jerry: Yes I do.
jerry: I'm going to the hospital to see Fulton. I'm not even saying hello, I'm going right into material.
jerry: Oh hey Phil.
jerry: Well, y..you showed her who you are.
jerry: Ya, that's the.. last thing you want to see. Well, next to last.
jerry: Ya take it easy.
jerry: (acting like he was walking on stage) Hey how ya doing? Good to be here.
jerry: This guy's belching out vitamins..
jerry: (cont) and this whole justice league, Batman, Green Lantern, Wonder Woman. You mean to tell me Superman can't cover everything?
jerry: For crying out loud, He's Superman. (Fulton stops laughing, Jerry's face is stunned) Fulton? (looks at him) Fulton?
jerry: Good morning.
jerry: Hey, you are the couch tonight, young lady. You were all over my side.
jerry: C'mon, I was sleeping with one cheek off the bed!
jerry: No, no, 12-8!
jerry: I know I can't beat ya, I'm just trying to stay competitive.
jerry: Uh, let me get a coat. I think I'll uh try a sport jacket and scarf thing, you know, like an unemployed actor. (Goes into his room, and comes back out with the jacket on.) Ahh, haven't worn this one in a long time.
jerry: No, gore-tex. It's new. (Checks his pockets.) Hey, look at this locket. What the hell is this? There's a picture in here, look at that.
jerry: No, I haven't worn this jacket since I got it back from the dry-cleaner. Maybe we should ask him.
jerry: Yeah. What do you want to get for breakfast?
jerry: Oh now, c'mon, you know I'm getting pancakes.
jerry: But we can't both get pancakes, it's embarrassing. It's like one step from the couples who dress alike.
jerry: Ah, that's why I love ya. 15-9. (They go out into the hallway and run into Kramer and his African-American girlfriend, Anna.) Hey, how ya doin.'
jerry: Hey, is that my maple syrup? Oh, ya. (Kramer hands it over.)
jerry: Boy, it's a lucky thing I put the jacket on. But how did it get in the pocket?
jerry: Oh, wow.
jerry: Oh, come on!
jerry: It's silly!
jerry: Get outta here!
jerry: Oh...yeah...uh you've never met my wife, Meryl? Meryl Seinfeld.
jerry: You might regret that, because the money my wife spends on clothes...
jerry: Ah - see the sense of humor? C'mere, I'm so nuts about you...(hugs Meryl.) I tell ya, it was fun being single, but when you meet a woman like this, you don't walk to get married - you run!
jerry: Pardon?
jerry: Um, yeah...I think my wife and I'll have a little more coffee.
jerry: Adoring? What about handsome?
jerry: Ya sure, adoring's good for you, what does it do for me? (Meryl laughs. The owner of the coffee shop comes over.)
jerry: I, uh...well...
jerry: Well, I-I-I told my wife not to bring it.
jerry: No, just Meryl.
jerry: Because she's my wife! (The door buzzer sounds; Jerry answers it) Yeh?
"jerry: (buzzes her up) Eh. (to Kramer) You know and I'll tell ya, I'm really enjoying this marriage thing. You think about each other. You care about each other. It's wonderful! Plus, I love saying ""my wife."" Once I started saying it, I couldn't stop - ""my wife"" this, ""my wife"" that...it's an amazing way to begin a sentence."
jerry: See?
jerry: Oh come on, we're gonna start doing this now? I can't be taking all your dry-cleaning in!
jerry: Alright. (Elaine enters.)
jerry: The fly-boy.
jerry: Hey, where's George? I thought he was with you.
jerry: Hmm, So?
jerry: Really.
jerry: Ohhh, moisture?
jerry: That's an open-lip kiss, alright.
jerry: I don't know why you're interested in this guy, he's a jerk.
jerry: Yeah, so?
jerry: Here we go.
jerry: No, never.
jerry: Do the medical journals mention anything about standing in a pool of someone else's urine?
jerry: Hello.
jerry: What are you doing here?
jerry: Oh. (Smiles at Marty nervously.) Well, I must have been in the incinerator room when you left. Here you go, Marty. (Hands over Kramer's quilt.)
jerry: Uncle Leo?!
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Uh...I got married.
jerry: Well, it was sudden.
jerry: No, no, it was a small ceremony.
jerry: Yes, yes, you have.
jerry: You did, you did.
jerry: I'm a good printer.
jerry: Uncle Leo, wait!
jerry: Well, it's not here, it was here yesterday.
jerry: I'm looking in the first drawer. It's not here.
jerry: Listen, Ma...
jerry: Mom, I'm not married.
jerry: I'm not married!
jerry: I'm just pretending I'm married to get a discount on dry-cleaning.
jerry: Well, whoopie whoop. (Meryl goes into the other room. Kramer staggers in the door in his bathrobe.)
jerry: Yeah. (Kramer lurches into the kitchen, trips, and falls onto the kitchen floor.) I'll get it, I'll get it! Take it easy, why are you so tired?
jerry: What is that? (Points to Kramer's pocket as Meryl comes back.)
jerry: That?
jerry: Hey, I'm sorry about all that can opener stuff.
jerry: I Love you.
jerry: Goodnight. (They kiss goodnight, then promptly roll away from each other and go to sleep.)
jerry: (still watching tv; sounds like basketball) Bottle-wipe supercedes it.
jerry: Alright, can we just drop all the pee-pipe stuff here?
jerry: Alright.
jerry: Alright, I'll pick it up, but it's the last time I'm doin' it!
jerry: Hello? Oh, hi honey. (annoyed, weary) Yes, I told him. I'll get it. (George and Elaine give each other a look, then leave Jerry to argue with Meryl on the phone.) Whenever. Okay, I'm sorry...
jerry: He's a very good friend of mine, he's kind've like an older brother to me...when things don't go right, he kinda takes it personally.
jerry: Oh, it's okay, it'll be okay.
jerry: Where you goin'?
jerry: I can't believe you still do that. You know those things are bad for ya.
jerry: I'm goin' home.
jerry: I want to!
jerry: Give me the clothes.
jerry: Oh, the hell with her. (Paula dramatically flees from the coffee shop. Jerry thinks for a second, then follows her and catches up to her on the street.)
jerry: I'm not gonna let you walk out of my life.
jerry: Do you want box or hanger?
jerry: I'm sorry.
jerry: It doesn't matter. I want a divorce.
jerry: Yes, that's right.
jerry: I'll tell you what happened. We got married.
jerry: No. I guess I just wasn't ready for the responsibilities of a pretend marriage.
jerry: It's alright, I want you to have it.
jerry: We'll always have...pancakes.
jerry: You know their timing couldn't be worse.
jerry: You don't understand, I haven't been together with Rachel for like three weeks. First I was on the road, then my parents show up, I'm getting a little uh backed up.
jerry: Not for another three days.
jerry: She lives with her parents.
jerry: (sarcastically) Ya, then maybe baldness will catch on. This will all be turning your way.
jerry: The baldies
jerry: That's good, then I get the apartment for at least one night. You know I'm paying for this whole Paris trip it's their anniversary present.
jerry: Hey Alec
jerry: What happened?
jerry: (acting like Joey) Wouldn't you like to pass the ketchup to someone like me? Please?
jerry: Hey did you notice they moved where they do the interview on Jeopardy now?
jerry: Ya, it's much better isn't it?
jerry: Hey, I gotta stop off at the bookstore to pick up my parents one of those French-English dictionaries.
jerry: What?
jerry: Yea?
jerry: What about little Joey?
jerry: Ah, I think he's probably better off.
jerry: He wants this guy to think he's in Paris.
jerry: Because George is a deeply disturbed individual.
jerry: Ya, or if you're ever on Fifth Avenue here in New York City, you could get some there.
jerry: (watching the whole conversation from his desk) What plans?
jerry: Where'd you get plans?
jerry: (walking over toward George and the door) I'll call you later.
jerry: So what plans do you have?
jerry: So how come you're not going over there for dinner?
jerry: Really? Since when?
jerry: Why?
jerry: No I notice but they're from your age group I didn't know you could detect abnormal behavior among your own kind.
jerry: Ya?
jerry: U-oh come on up. (buzzes them up) It's Elaine you don't have a problem with her do you?
jerry: She wants to say hi, she's with her new boyfriend.
jerry: He's nice, bit of a close talker.
jerry: You'll see. (pause) Boy, I had no idea you felt this way about the Costanzas'
jerry: No I haven't.
jerry: I'm swamped.
jerry: Maybe I'll try and catch up with you.
jerry: Ok buh bye. Have a good time.
jerry: Ok.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Maybe he was just trying to be nice.
jerry: Wait a second, he just did me a big favor.
jerry: (dialing) He got em out of the house.
jerry: Call Rachel.
jerry: (on the phone) ah no, I got the machine. Rachel! Are you there?! I got the place to myself for a few hours! Rachel! Where are you? Rachel! (hangs up the phone very disappointed)
jerry: (disappointed) Oh, Hi, hi.
jerry: Oh sure like Monet.
jerry: Well he's from the impressionist school, you know like Monet, Manet, Tippi Tippi Dayday.
jerry: (answering phone) Hello? Rachel, ya uh no they're back.
jerry: Uh haha ya well uh I'm sorry too I'll call you later, ok bye (hangs phone up)
jerry: Bye
jerry: The belt-less trench coat. My father invented it.
jerry: This is like the meeting of Smith and Wesson.
jerry: N-na I'm paying for the trip.
jerry: He also came up with an idea for a brimless rain-hat but that never materialized. (to Morty) Alright come on let's play.
jerry: Ah come on.
jerry: No I haven't seen it yet.
jerry: I'm going
jerry: Ok
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: Look I don't know.
jerry: Oh they were tired it was a last minute thing.
jerry: That's right.
jerry: Absolutely
jerry: These the people you currently live with?
jerry: Uh huh
jerry: Look I really don't know what they're plans are.
jerry: What is that anyway?
jerry: I-I'll tell 'em
jerry: Name it.
jerry: So you thought as long as they're mailing postcards, it wouldn't be too much to ask my parents to drag a child who they've never seen, through the streets of Paris?
jerry: (stopping them) We better not. (they make out some more; then stop) T-They're gonna be here any second.
jerry: In two days.
jerry: I know.
jerry: Right, Thursday three o'clock.
jerry: Oh Hi.
jerry: (tucking in his shirt) Oh ya this is Rachel.
jerry: What other time?
jerry: Where you goin'?
jerry: You don't have a car.
jerry: Come on stop.
jerry: (interrupting) No no it's ok. (walking Rachel out) So we'll go see Schindler's List later right?
jerry: Ok. Uh
jerry: Ok, see you later.
jerry: What show?
jerry: When did you get tickets to see that?
jerry: Oh (laughing) Elaine really? Well that sounds interesting.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Oh
jerry: (answering phone) Hello?
jerry: Yea.
jerry: Oh hi Jack.
jerry: As soon as is humanly possible.
jerry: Yea yea ya I shoulda kept it.
jerry: Ya he's right here.
jerry: What did I do?
jerry: (in a hurry) Yea you're leaving at three o'clock.
jerry: (in a hurry) Ya how you gonna get all this done in time?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Oh, really good, really good.
jerry: Like that (snaps his fingers)
jerry: Ya that was some list.
jerry: (confused) The black and white.
jerry: Oh yea, I didn't even realize.
jerry: Ya ya, I tell ya I could see it again.
jerry: It is a tad askew.
jerry: I've hardly been out to dinner with them.
jerry: You're right he's insane.
jerry: So what are you going to do?
jerry: Uh from what I saw it was pretty good.
jerry: Well I um I didn't ah actually get to see the whole movie.
jerry: I was kind of um (pauses) making out.
jerry: I couldn't help it. We hadn't been alone in a long time, it just got the better of me.
jerry: (trying to justify it) We're both living with our parents.
jerry: No I don't think so. I saw Newman as I was leaving but see me.
jerry: Hi (takes off his coat and puts it on the counter at which point his parents are both right by him as he goes into the refrigerator. He grabs a drink then turns around to see his parents right there) What? What did I do?
jerry: How could I what?
jerry: What? No.
jerry: (turns) Newman.
jerry: I couldn't help it. We hadn't been alone together in a long time and we just kinda started up a little during the coming attractions and the next thing we knew, the war was over.
jerry: (answering the phone) Hello.
jerry: Hang on a second. (handing Morty the phone) Dad it's Klompus.
jerry: Tomorrow afternoon?
jerry: W-what do you mean you're not making the flight?
jerry: You want the tickets?
jerry: You're gonna take this kid to Paris?
jerry: You know I'm paying for these tickets.
jerry: Hey Dad are you sure we are at the right carousel?
jerry: Say Dad, (pointing at a raincoat sitting on the carousel next to an open box) isn't that one of yours?
jerry: (turns around noticing the Charter flight) Dad isn't that your charter group?
jerry: Take care
jerry: Buh bye.
jerry: I think she meant me, but.
jerry: Ok.
jerry: Bye.
jerry: You tried Aaron, it was too expensive.
jerry: Hi Mr. Goldstein is Rachel home?
jerry: Why what did I do?
jerry: Rachel!
jerry: Rachel!
jerry: So my parents get home, they open the door, my father flicks the light on, the whole place is cleaned out, everything.
jerry: The broken window, Klompus never fixed it. They just walked right in.
jerry: Yea they're taking one, the travel agent is trying to set something else up for them.
jerry: Whew
jerry: No I hadn't noticed.
jerry: (hearing Newman turns and sees him) Hiya Newman.
jerry: Say, I happened to catch you coming out of Schindler's List the other night.
jerry: Yes I was.
jerry: Yes, shocking brutality don't you think?
jerry: Yes, well that was nothing.
"jerry: Yeah, that's real interesting. Elaine, listen, tell me if you think this is funny - (reads comedy he's written) ""Men definitely hit the remote more than women...men don't care what's on TV, men only care what else is on TV. Women want to see what the show is before they change the channel, because men hunt and women nest."""
jerry: You don't know? Come on, that's gold!
jerry: Oh, that's gold, baby.
jerry: I was saying 'baby' way before George!
jerry: Well, this guy Leonard Christian's gonna be there tomorrow night.
jerry: He's a writer from Entertainment Weekly . I would like to have a good show.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well, you better laugh 'cause I'm being reviewed. Leonard Christian's gonna be there.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, you should see George get along with this kid!
jerry: Hey, Ronnie.
jerry: (To bartender) Can I have a club soda? (To Ronnie) Goin' on tonight?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, I know.
jerry: (looking at his nostrils) I don't...think so.
jerry: I don't...I dunno.
jerry: Oh, is this a bit?
jerry: (turns to greet Kramer) Hey.
jerry: Really! You know, a lot of restaurants are serving brewed decaf now, too.
jerry: Oh, you'll have a good time, I swear.
jerry: Good, good.
jerry: Yeah, why don't you guys get a table so you'll have good seats?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: O.k., good, I'll see you later. (Kramer and Toby are about to exit. She turns around and clutches Kramer's jacket.)
jerry: Men definitely hit the remote button more than women...
jerry: Yes, yeah...see, men don't care what's on TV, men only care what else is on TV.
jerry: ...that's why men hunt and women nest.
jerry: Yea, ya, so...anyway what was I talking about.
jerry: Hey, what's the deal? What was goin' on there? I invite you down here, I have an important show, and she heckles me?!
jerry: Well, what is the matter with her? Is she crazy?!
jerry: Hey! What is wrong with you?!
jerry: Y-You boo me?! You hiss?! You didn't stop blathering throughout the whole set!
jerry: No! Not part of the show! Booing and hissing are not part of the show! You boo puppets! You hiss villains in silent movies!
jerry: Oh, I can take it.
jerry: Did you knock her over too, or just the kids?
jerry: Really? Her mother.
jerry: You probably couldn't see because of the smoke.
"jerry: Hmm. So you feel ""women and children first,"" in this day and age, is somewhat of an antiquated notion."
jerry: So basically, it's every man, woman, child, and invalid for themselves.
jerry: Yeah, well, it's honest.
jerry: Well, perhaps when she's released from the burn center, she'll see things differently.
jerry: So, what was the fire? Just a couple of greasy hamburgers?
jerry: By the way, did you see this? (Hands George a magazine)
jerry: It's the Leonard Christian article about my show. Plus my gig in Miami got cancelled, I betcha it's because of the article.
jerry: I should have let her have it! I held back because of Kramer.
jerry: Yeah, right.
jerry: Yeah, that'd be something.
jerry: But wouldn't that be the ultimate comedian's revenge? I've always had a fantasy about doing that.
jerry: Why can't I?
jerry: You know what? I think I'm gonna do that! She came down to where I work, I'll go down to where she works!
jerry: There's no precedent, baby!
jerry: Hey, nice shoes. What, you wear sandals to work? It's always nice to walk into a room and get the aroma of feet. That's real conducive to the work atmosphere. I'm sure your co-workers really appreciate it. 'Hey, let's go eat in Toby's office. Great idea! We can check on her bunions!'
jerry: Oh, is this disruptive? You find it hard to work with someone...interrupting?
jerry: Security? Well, I don't know how you're gonna make it in this business if you can't take it! Ya gotta be tough! Booo! Boooo!
jerry: Boo!
jerry: Hiss!
jerry: Because she came down to the club and heckled me! Give her a taste of her own medicine! (George enters.)
jerry: Well, I didn't want her to have an accident.
jerry: You kept makin' all the stops?
jerry: She got the promotion?
jerry: Why?
jerry: Too bad.
jerry: Because Elaine, that's the one that goes 'wee-wee-wee all the home.'
jerry: I went down to the magazine, I pleaded with him to come and see me again, finally he agreed to come down tonight, and he's going to write another article.
jerry: Damn right! We've been lapdogs long enough!
jerry: Yeah well, it's about time one of us drew a line in the sand.
jerry: Yeah, well, it won't be long.
jerry: Gotta go. (heads out on stage)
"jerry: I mean, Bozo the Clown...I mean does he really need ""the clown"" in his title, as clown? Bozo, ""the"" clown? Are we going to confuse him with Bozo the district attorney? Bozo the pope? There's no other Bozo..."
jerry: ...that's why men hunt and women nest.
jerry: George - could I have a word?
jerry: Kramer, I've driven to east Hampton many times, I know the exit.
jerry: (To Elaine) You sure we're makin' the right move?
jerry: Didn't they just have a baby?
jerry: Is it possible they're just having babies to get people to visit them?
jerry: No.
jerry: No, not for me. A little too delightful. Well, George and Jane should be almost there by now.
jerry: I know, George is pretty pleased about it. It's like she signed a letter of intent.
jerry: She's makin' the three o'clock train.
jerry: I bought him some kishka.
jerry: It's kind of a stuffed meat thing. Israeli soldiers carry it. In case they're captured behind enemy lines, they eat it and it kills them.
jerry: Who are you, Mrs. Robinson?
jerry: No, that's no sweet'ning the deal. No.
jerry: No thanks.
jerry: And then there's Maude. (She sits down next to Jerry)
jerry: No lines.
jerry: So when are we gonna see this baby? When is the momentous event?
jerry: (Looking toward beach) Oh this is interesting.
jerry: Jane's topless. (They all look)
jerry: Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
jerry: Oh, in a minute, Carol.
jerry: This is weird wild stuff. George hasn't even seen her yet.
jerry: Oh, here she comes. (They pretend to not have watched as Jane enters)
jerry: No thanks.
jerry: So very gorgeous.
jerry: Is it me or was that the ugliest baby you have ever seen?
jerry: Boy, a little too much chlorine in that gene pool. (They sit) And, you know, the thing is, they're never gonna know, no one's ever gonna tell them.
jerry: It's a must lie situation.
jerry: You know, I don't think we should tell George we saw Jane topless.
jerry: In fact remind me to tell Kramer too.
jerry: Ah, I'm gonna go pick up Rachel at the station.
jerry: Okay. (He leaves)
jerry: Oh I like that. It's like going back in time. (George comes outside)
jerry: She's got greeting problems.
jerry: Well, the tomato's an anomaly. So successful with the ketchup and the sauce, but you can't find a good one. (Kramer enters with a box of lobster)
jerry: You got lobster for everybody?
jerry: (Jerry realizes the situation is hopeless) All right.
jerry: Well, when you went for the tomatoes she lied out topless.
jerry: No.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Think of me as a doctor. (They go outside again)
jerry: Well what'd you mean?
jerry: They'd pick her up in about ten minutes.
jerry: (looking of into the distance) I guess that's true...
jerry: What do you want me to do? You wanna see Rachel naked?
jerry: You can see me naked. I can offer you that.
jerry: I've never been called breathtaking either.
jerry: Maybe he just said it because the mother was in the room.
jerry: How are you gonna do that?
jerry: You might have.
jerry: You won't.
jerry: Yes, George. I'm kind of wondering myself. What is it what you want?
jerry: Oh! So you were swimming in the pool, and you wanted some gum.
jerry: Wait'll you get to know him.
jerry: Oh, check it out. I guarantee you've never seen anything quite so objectionable. It's down the hall, third door on your left. (Rachel walks down hall, walks in on George changing out of his swimsuit)
jerry: It was my fault, I told her the wrong door.
jerry: So what?
jerry: But...
jerry: Oh... You mean... shrinkage.
jerry: So you feel you were short changed.
jerry: Well, so what's the difference?
jerry: Oh, she's not gonna tell Jane.
jerry: Women aren't like us.
jerry: No, I'm not gonna tell her about your shrinkage. Besides, I think women know about shrinkage.
jerry: Isn't it common knowledge?
jerry: Like when a man goes swimming... afterwards...
jerry: Like a frightened turtle!
jerry: No, you don't wanna do that. You'll be uncomfortable.
jerry: Yeah, the lobster'll scare him.
jerry: (To George) Easy big fella.
jerry: You told her?
jerry: You don't understand. This organ, it's very... schizophrenic.
jerry: Oh, that's just Jane driving home to New York in the middle of the night. (Rachel shocked)
jerry: (Referring to George) Hey, look at this guy.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Geez, these are delicious. Where did you learn to make eggs like this?
jerry: Well, I guess I gotta go, too.
jerry: I still can't believe Michael finked on Kramer.
jerry: They got some sort of program.
jerry: Hey, isn't that Michael's car?
jerry: You got a raise?
jerry: I thought you said Pendant was in financial trouble.
jerry: Oh, when did that happen?
jerry: Does this mean they're gonna be publishing Kramer's coffee table book?
jerry: Boy, you're on quite a streak. Job promotion, plus you're back with Jake Jarmal.
"jerry: Boy, you really got it all, I'm sure Helen ""Girlie"" Brown would be very proud of you."
jerry: Speaking of having it all ... Where were you?
jerry: Oh, the beach.
jerry: What is it that isn't working?
jerry: (pointing to napkins; to Elaine) Could I get napkin over there?
jerry: You know chicken salad is not the opposite of tuna, salmon is the opposite of tuna, 'cuz salmon swim against the current, (hand motion of the salmon swimming against the current) and the tuna swim with it. (hand motion of the tuna swimming with it)
jerry: Well here's your chance to try the opposite. Instead of tuna salad and being intimidated by women, chicken salad and going right up to them.
jerry: If every instinct you have is wrong, then the opposite would have to be right.
jerry: (on the phone) Are you kidding? They can't cancel that show on me now, it's too late for me to book anything else for that weekend. Alright, alright ... okay, bye. (hangs up the phone)
jerry: What's happening?
jerry: Oh yeah, I heard all about it.
jerry: You're going on Regis and Kathy Lee?
jerry: I'll loan you my puffy shirt.
jerry: What're you gonna talk about?
jerry: Hello? What? Yeah, sure, I'll do it. I just had something cancelled the same weekend. Ok. Great. Bye. (hangs up the phone; turns to Kramer) You know, life is amazing. I just lost a job and five minutes later get another, same weekend, same money.
jerry: (shocked) Broke even.
jerry: So it's all over?
jerry: And what did you go back for? Jujyfruit?
jerry: Why didn't you eat it in the cab?
jerry: Played cards last night.
jerry: Broke even.
jerry: Yeah, I know; like yesterday I lost a job, and then I got another one, and then I missed a TV show, and later on they re-ran it. And then today I missed a train, went outside and caught a bus. It never fails! I always even out!
jerry: What for?
jerry: (shocked) What the hell was that?
jerry: You know you could've thrown a pencil out the window and seen if that came back.
jerry: Well, maybe next time someone's in a car accident you won't stop off for candy first.
jerry: Bad.
jerry: So you just did the opposite of everything?
jerry: So I guess your Messiah would be the Anti-Christ.
jerry: Elaine ... look! A twenty!
jerry: I'll tell you what the big advantage of homosexuality is. If you're going out with someone your size, right there you double your wardrobe.
jerry: Oh, come on, that's a huge feature. When they approach a new recruit, I'm sure that's one of the big selling points.
jerry: Yes?
jerry: Uh huh?
jerry: Oh, that's okay.
jerry: Nah, that's fine. No problem. I'll meet somebody else.
jerry: Sure. See, things always even out for me.
jerry: It's fine. Anyway, it's been really nice dating you for a while. And uh good luck!
jerry: (leaving; singing) She'll be coming around the mountain...
jerry: The New York Yankees?!
jerry: Ruth, Gehrig, DiMaggio, Mantle ... Costanza?
jerry: I can't believe it.
jerry: Ya?
jerry: (buzzes Elaine up) Come on up.
jerry: That's a great place!
jerry: George, I wouldn't get too excited about this stuff, you know, things have a way of evening out.
jerry: Hi Elaine.
jerry: How're things going?
jerry: Why? Why are they doing that?
jerry: The jewel thief?
jerry: What else?
jerry: Elaine, don't get too down. Everything'll even out, see, I have two friends, you were up, (has his one hand up and his other hand down) he was down. Now he's up, (switches the positioning of his hands) you're down. You see how it all evens out for me?
jerry: Is that the end of it?
jerry: Alright.
jerry: He knows what he's doing.
jerry: Opposite.
jerry: Why'd you have to eat so many?
jerry: Not to mention the end of Kramer's coffee table book.
jerry: Don't say that.
jerry: Ah ... let's call it even.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: That's alright, I got it.
jerry: Elaine, stop it.
jerry: I'm sorry.
jerry: Oh, she worked at Doubleday...?
jerry: Right, just like you.
jerry: Ah. I'm watching my height. My doctor doesn't want me to get any taller. So you're Miss, uh...
jerry: I was almost Mr. Coffee. They felt I was a little too relaxed. (Miss Rhode Island laughs.)
jerry: Tonight. I have to call her, she's staying in a hotel.
jerry: And get this - I'm working in Atlantic City this weekend, and she's going to be down there for the pageant.
jerry: The only bad thing is, we have to go out with a chaperone.
jerry: No, it's part of the contest rules.
jerry: I don't know, she just sits there.
jerry: I'm not sure if she's allowed to talk. (Picks up the phone and dials.)
jerry: Yeah. (sings) There she is...Miss - yes, room 417 please? Karen Hanson?
jerry: Of course, they're polyester.
jerry: Why do they wear polyester?
jerry: You're going to do something about it?
"jerry: Hello, Karen? It's Jerry Seinfeld. Oh, that's very sweet of you. You know, you better be careful, you don't want to get too congenial. They'll slap that ""Miss Congeniality"" on you, and you'll congene yourself right out of the contest. So, what time do you want to get together later? What? So what, we don't need the chaperone. (To George) The chaperone can't make it. (To Karen) Oh, you're not gonna get disqualified! So, we're not going? (Kramer enters.) Hold on one second. (To Kramer) Hey, what are you doing tonight?"
jerry: I'm going out with one of the Miss America contestants, you wanna go?
jerry: Rhode Island.
jerry: Look, do you want to go or not? I'll buy you dinner.
jerry: Congratulations!
jerry: Now, what is it that you do, exactly?
jerry: Like what?
jerry: Really! Socks!
jerry: Hey, maybe you can pick me up some underwear! (Kramer enters.)
"jerry: Listen...tonight, after we finish eating, you make like you got something else to do and just ""recede into the night,"" if you know what I mean."
jerry: What?
"jerry: I'm not going to ""defile"" her!"
jerry: But -
jerry: But wait a minute...
jerry: That's a hell of a plan. (To Kramer) Listen -
jerry: Alright, Kramer!
jerry: Hey, come on!
jerry: I'll be right back. (Leaves the table.)
jerry: Well, here we are...
jerry: Well, if it isn't Mr. Blackwell.
jerry: And that waist cincher, that was the topper!
jerry: Yes, I poo-poo.
jerry: I don't want to stop her!
jerry: Yeah, so do you. (George enters with a newspaper.)
jerry: See what?
jerry: Boy, they really do sound comfortable.
jerry: I'm working in Atlantic City.
jerry: Yeah. Hey, you're not working this weekend, why don't you come down?
jerry: You know what, maybe Elaine wants to go too, lemme call her. (Picks up the phone.) She's at Mr. Pitt's, I think I got the number...
jerry: Hi, Mr. Pitt! Is Elaine there?
jerry: Hey Elaine, it's me.
jerry: We're going to Atlantic City.
jerry: Today, right now! Are you in?
jerry: Why not?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Good. How was the roulette?
jerry: Yeah, all she had to do was buy Mr. Pitt a pair of socks!
jerry: What the hell is that?
jerry: Wait a second. (Grabs the icebucket off the counter.) This'll scare 'em off. (Dumps the bucket of water over the balcony. We hear a loud squawking noise and the flapping of wings, then the noise is gone. Jerry gets back into bed.) Well, good night, Ollie.
jerry: What? Why? What happened?
jerry: Birds?
jerry: What are you looking at? (Kramer goes out onto the terrace and looks down.) Oh, that! We had to leave that outside, last night, because the water was making the room too cold.
jerry: No, you don't understand - it's not what you think! It was an accident!
jerry: Kramer, you gotta explain to her what happened...! (Kramer exits.)
jerry: Oh, it was just Kramer...apparently I killed Miss Rhode Island's doves with a bucket of water last night.
jerry: I heard those doves were really incredible.
jerry: It's like watching an animal get tortured.
jerry: Oh, great! Alright. (We hear the announcers calling the game.)
jerry: That's a shame.
jerry: Why did you give him MY number?
jerry: I wonder if any woman ever said that about Einstein?
jerry: Call me when the pencil comes in Okay?
jerry: Why does Mr. Pitt prefer a pencil to a pen anyway? Hey. Look who's here.
jerry: Hi Julie.
jerry: Just had a big bowl of Kix.
jerry: Big lettuce, big carrots, tomatoes like volleyballs.
jerry: Dating is really starting to get embarrassing isn't it?
jerry: People on dates shouldn't even be allowed out in public.
jerry: It's embarrassing for them. It's painful for us to watch. I'm going out with someone later, I'm not even taking her out of the house.
jerry: I don't need a bunch of people staring at us.
jerry: What was that?
jerry: Certainly are.
jerry: All right. You're in MY face.
jerry: (on phone) Hello. No she's not here. Okay, fine, whatever. I'll tell her. Okay. Goodbye. The stationery store guy called to say he ORDERED your pencil.
jerry: He doesn't even care if a man answers.
jerry: Bye bye
jerry: Well, that all depends. . .
jerry: Yeah, so?
jerry: Is that a fact?
jerry: No it isn't.
jerry: Yes you did.
jerry: She could have.
jerry: Imagine, her taking credit for your big salad.
jerry: Obviously.
jerry: What?
jerry: Well, it has nothing to do with you.
jerry: Well, generally speaking you don't need any extra incentive to murder a dry cleaner. I wouldn't worry about that.
jerry: And Kramer thinks a penalty stroke may have driven him to it.
jerry: Ah, no , I don't think so.
jerry: We don't need a bunch of people staring at us.
jerry: Oh, they're staring. They know we're on a date. They're making fun. Come on. It's embarrassing.
jerry: Hello. No she's not here. Yes I will tell her. No I don't know what time she might be coming back. Look I gotta' go. Goodbye. . . . That, that's a long story.
jerry: Hello Newman.
jerry: No, no I don't. Why?
jerry: I suppose.
jerry: I don't know. Nothing.?
jerry: You two know each other?
jerry: . . . YOU went out with . . . Newman?
jerry: Why?
jerry: You liked, Newman?
jerry: No, I'm sorry. I'm just a little curious. I mean why did you stop seeing him.
jerry: . . . HE ended it?
jerry: No, no of course not.
jerry: What tee?
jerry: Newman! She went out with Newman!
jerry: No. It isn't and the most distressing part of it is, not that she went out with him but that HE stopped seeing her. Do you understand? He, Newman; Newman stopped seeing her. Newman never stopped seeing anybody. Newman will see whoever is willing to see him. Not so much why she did see him as disturbing as that is. But why, did HE, Newman, stop seeing her?
jerry: No, there's less.
jerry: No it isn't. I've looked into his eyes. He's pure evil.
jerry: Yeah, he's a mystery wrapped in a Twinkie.
jerry: No,, but thank you.
jerry: Oh, by the way, your stationery store guy called and he's got your pencil.
jerry: No, he left the store early, made a special trip to the distributor and got it.
jerry: Well, what did you do that for? You ordered it.
jerry: Well, you better go down there and tell this guy. He's very excited.
jerry: Hi Julie.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Hi, how are you, Elaine? I'm meeting George here.
jerry: How do you know THAT?
jerry: It's Jerry.
jerry: Come on Newman. OPEN THE DOOR!
jerry: Okay, pudgy, lets stop playing games. What happened with margaret?
jerry: No, we can't. My skin is crawling just being inside your little rat's nest. Now, what happened?
jerry: Noit your type?
jerry: Well, how come?
jerry: What, what is wrong with her?
jerry: You don't think she's attractive?
jerry: Okay, Newman, thanks a lot.
jerry: No, thank you.
jerry: But it's just a friendly game. Why do you have to be such a stickler?
jerry: What are you so worried about this for?
jerry: He did?
jerry: So it had nothing to do with you.
jerry: No, I don't think so.
jerry: Hey, let me ask you a question. You met margaret. Doo you think Margaret's good looking? Um, she's a natural beauty. Oh, no makeup. I like that.
jerry: Yeah, and the curls. You like the curls?
jerry: Yeah,, me too.
jerry: Where you going?
jerry: You're going to see Genderson?
jerry: You had how many dates with him? Three?
jerry: And . .
jerry: What? I'm not looking. Nothing.
jerry: Why are you looking at my face?
jerry: Where am I going to look?
jerry: . . . I can't.
jerry: Newman!
jerry: All I could think of was when I was looking at her face was; Newman found this unacceptable.
jerry: You're going out with the stationery store guy?
jerry: Hello, what? You're kidding. I'm turning it on. Oh, my god. Get out of here. (hangs up) Hey listen to this. They issued a warrant for Genderson's arrest. He escaped and the police spotted him on the New Jersey Turnpike.
jerry: Your friend, Noreen.
jerry: If I was flattering myself, I think I'd come up with someone a little less annoying than Noreen.
jerry: If you don't believe me, ask her.
jerry: Oh, right. The guy who talks with a really high voice.
jerry: Check the pile.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Isn't that cute, a 'thank you' card from Kristin.
jerry: She works for PBS, I met her when I agreed to do that pledge drive.
jerry: Yeah, in fact she said that you could be one of those people that sits in the back and answers the phone.
jerry: No, it's not aluminum siding, it's volunteer work. All the money goes to the station.
jerry: Yeah, and one of those foam beer can holders.
jerry: Oh, go ahead.
jerry: Like she's really going to admit she was flirting with me.
jerry: So was I right? She likes me, right?
jerry: I'm Jerry Seinfeld, I tell jokes for a living, but there's no joking about the financial crisis at PBS. Show us you care. Call in your pledge now.
jerry: Oh, I know you are.
jerry: I did.
jerry: What?
jerry: No?
jerry: Well--
jerry: You signed your name and you addressed the envelope, it's not like you painted the picture and wrote the poem.
jerry: Why, because I threw the card out? How long was I supposed to save it?
jerry: I have sentimentality, really, I'm sentimental. Here, look. Here's some cards I've saved, these are birthday cards from my grandmother, see, I'm not a bad guy.
jerry: (as Kristin is storming out) Well, but, you see, I saved something! See? I can save. I'll see you at the pledge drive, ok?
jerry: No, they're old cards from my grandmother.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, she puts ten dollars in every card for my birthday, that's why I save them.
jerry: I don't know, it's ten dollars.
jerry: Oh so what.
jerry: Oh, get out of here.
jerry: Alright, alright, I'll cash the checks.
jerry: It was a 'thank you' card from Kristin because I'm doing the PBS drive. I mean, how long am I supposed to keep it?
jerry: You making that up or do you know what you're talking about?
jerry: I mean really, what's the point of saving it? I could see if I had a mantel.
jerry: Absolutely.
jerry: So anyway, she's kind of upset about it so I need you to do me a favor.
jerry: Well, I'm doing the PBS show, so during the show they're gonna be running the Ken Burns baseball thing. So I thought if I could get a baseball player to come on the show with me...
jerry: Could you?
jerry: Alright, Do your thing, where you lie to everyone.
jerry: Hey, did you ever get to talk to Noreen?
jerry: So was I right about the flirting? Was it true?
jerry: Remember when we were in the bookstore, that woman came up to us?
jerry: Oh, sure she was; Asked me where the 'humor' section was? Humor? Come on.
jerry: Alright, so maybe she wasn't flirting with me. So what?
jerry: Why does he do that?
jerry: Oh, you know.
jerry: That's how waitress types express derision. They don't want to get their mouths dirty.
jerry: Okay, sixty bucks from Nana.
jerry: You got Danny Tartabull?!
jerry: Boy, you really came through. Kristin's gonna be thrilled.
jerry: Excuse me?
jerry: You're just answering phones!
jerry: Uh, say, I wanted a side order of fruit but I didn't see it on the men
jerry: Right you are.
jerry: Oh, she had an itch.
jerry: By the way, lunch is on me. I just cashed my Nana's birthday checks.
jerry: (answering) Hello?
jerry: Uncle Leo!
jerry: Nana's missing?
jerry: I've been thinking about her, I just cashed some of her checks.
jerry: I think Chemical Bank.
jerry: Well, Kramer thought it would make her happy. (To Kramer) I never should have cashed those checks!
jerry: Just call me if you hear anything. (hangs up and faces Kramer) Well? I cashed the checks, the checks bounced and now my Nana's missing!
jerry: It's your fault!
jerry: Would you?
jerry: No.
jerry: Yeah, my grandma's missing.
jerry: Yeah. I think it might have something to do with those checks.
jerry: Like a grandmother, why?
jerry: Oh, you hung up on my Nana?!
jerry: You told Nana to drop dead?!
jerry: Yes, it is!
jerry: Alright.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Leo?
jerry: Uncle Leo! What are you doing here?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: He'll be here any second.
jerry: Yeah, yeah.
jerry: No, that's ok, I really don't need any money.
jerry: Please-
jerry: It's not necessary.
jerry: I can't, I can't take it.
jerry: Uncle Leo, I don't want to have it!
jerry: I don't want it!!
jerry: You know what? It sounds like the friend of Elaine's that was hitting on me in the book store.
jerry: I'm Jerry Seinfeld, I tell jokes for a living, but there's no joking about the financial crisis here at PBS. Our lines are open, so please call the number you see on your screen.
jerry: This is the only time this year we'll be asking for donations. You've been enjoying Ken Burns' Baseball-
jerry: -programs like Ken Burns' Baseball. And if Danny Tartabull were here, I'm sure he'd say, 'That's correct, Jerry.'
jerry: My Nana?
jerry: I got another card from Kristin. Not quite as chipper as the first one.
jerry: Yes, he is.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Look, she's cutting up an Almond Joy.
jerry: You know, I saw someone on the street eating M&Ms with a spoon.
jerry: (surveying the restaurant) Look, they're doing it. They're all doing it!
jerry: (feeling face) Good shave today...
jerry: I'm thinkin' of lettin' my sideburns grow in a little...
jerry: (pause) Yeah, I guess.
jerry: ...So how's Noreen?
jerry: Already? That was fast... I assume he's not a High Talker...
jerry: A Long Talker.
jerry: (pause) All right; let's move it out.
jerry: Hey, isn't that George's father?
jerry: I've never seen him in Manhattan before; it's weird. So out of context.
jerry: I believe he is wearing a cape.
jerry: Well, it is good cape weather. Cool. Breezy.
jerry: You're right; it is strange. In fact, let's cross to the other side of the street. Cover me.
jerry: Just, uh, plop it on the counter there.
jerry: Oh! I got a message. (presses button on answer machine)
jerry: Let me call him back... Hello? Who is this? Donna Chang? Oh, I'm sorry, I must o' dialed the wrong number.
jerry: (is redialing) I should've talked to her; I love Chinese women.
jerry: If I like their race, how can that be racist?... Hellooo??... Oh, is this Donna Chang again?!... Yyy-yes, I am calling George... Oh, the lines are crossed! You're getting his calls. Well, what do you know?!
jerry: So listen...
jerry: I got a date!
jerry: She knew who I was! She saw me in a club one time! My first date ever with the Pacific Rim. I'm very excited.
jerry: No, why should I? I wear boxers.
jerry: I'm sorry, Kramer. Those records are permanently sealed...
jerry: Really? You never slipped one past the goalie in all these years??... Boy, I'm surprised. You've slept with a lot of women!
jerry: Well, I'm sure you're not... Totally Depleted.
jerry: So go to a fertility clinic. Have your sperm count checked.
jerry: I am very excited about this date! We're goin' to Hunan Balcony!
jerry: She suggested it!
jerry: She's very assimilated.
jerry: Paul again?
jerry: I tried! Your line's crossed with a Chinese woman!
jerry: No. Jacket and tie no cape.
jerry: Yes, I will.
jerry: No, go ahead, I second-hand smoke two packs a day.
jerry: (pause. Stops tapping his leg) 'scuse me?
jerry: Who are you?
jerry: (stands, puzzled, it's not sinking in) W-what do you mean?
jerry: (pause) You're Donna Chang?
"jerry: Oh. No. What, you mean because of the ""Chang""?"
jerry: I didn't think so.
jerry: No. Not Chinese. Not even Asian.
jerry: Well, she's... like you.
"jerry: Well, it's false advertising, see? And the thing is, I think she likes people thinkin' she's Chinese. She suggests Chinese food. She always introduces herself as ""Donna Chang""..."
jerry: Well, she is a woman.
jerry: Really? (sits on couch)
jerry: Hey, wouldn't it be funny if Paul an' Noreen broke up because o' you kept hangin' up on him?
jerry: Well, you know if Paul thought it was some guy... hangin' up because he was having an affair with Noreen?
jerry: Here, what is that?!!
jerry: Wha--you have a low sperm count?
jerry: Nnnoo--I don't want 'em. (starts backing away as Kramer follows him around the room carrying the underwear)
jerry: Look! I don't want 'em!
jerry: I'm not gonna be able to sleep if those are in the house!
jerry: (re the underwear pile) Well, I'm gonna have to move now.
jerry: Did they uncross the lines yet?
"jerry: (long pause -- did he hear ""ridicurous"" -- should he say something -- can't decide if he should. Finally...) Did you say, ""ridicurous""?"
"jerry: (pause) I thought you said... ""ridicurous."" (Donna looks puzzled)"
jerry: Oh, what are you doing here?
jerry: The rines are crossed?
jerry: Did I?
jerry: Yeah, you know it's a shame his parents didn't get divorced thirty years ago. He could have been normal.
jerry: Gee, I never thought of that.
jerry: Have you ever spent any time with these people...?
jerry: And you can't cast aspersions on someone just because they're wearin' a cape... Superman wore a cape... An' I'll be damned if I'm gonna stand here an' let you say something bad about him.
jerry: Well it looks like you've adjusted to the boxers...
jerry: You went back to the Jockeys?
jerry: (pause as he realizes) Oh, no.
jerry: Don't you see what's goin' on here???... No boxers, no Jockeys...
jerry: The only thing between him and us is a thin layer of gabardine... Kramer, say it isn't so.
jerry: Don't you need a little... help?
jerry: What are you doin' to this woman?! This is the second relationship you've ruined for her in a few weeks!!
jerry: First you ruin her relationship with the High Talker.
jerry: So she breaks up with him. Somehow picks up the pieces of her life. Miraculously meets... A New Guy! Ya bust that up! An' then, just as they're reconciling, you announce to the world He's Boring.
jerry: Well, apparently you have a tremendous influence over this woman anything you say she does!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: (hits button) Come on up. (opens door a little)
jerry: Well, let's look back at your history with this woman. Okay?
jerry: First, you encouraged her to join the army... She did.
jerry: Then, you suggest she goes... AWOL! She did!
jerry: You know... You better make sure and never tell this woman to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge...
jerry: Oh, Miss Changstein! This is Elaine...
jerry: Why? What happened?
jerry: Wow! That's amazing!
jerry: Tonight?
jerry: So I'm curious. What'd you tell Mrs. Costanza that changed her mind?
jerry: Confucius, huh?
jerry: (pause) You know, you're not Chinese...
jerry: Hey! I heard the good news!
jerry: Elaine was... in a rush.
jerry: (pause, to Donna) You know, you might wanna think about changin' your name...
jerry: Well--Noreen listened to you like George's mother listened to the Chinese. (buys a newspaper out of a machine)
jerry: Yeah, no one's reading any rolled-up messages in a knish...
jerry: Hey.
jerry: So, she got you to join a book club?
jerry: Well, I think that statement alone reflects your burgeoning intelligence. (Sits on a couch.) Hey, what about this one?
jerry: So, what's your first book?
jerry: It's kinda old, isn't it?
jerry: Oh, yeah.
jerry: No. You?
jerry: New couch, baby!
jerry: I love this couch. You know what the best part about it is? It doesn't fold out, so no one can sleep over.
jerry: Wait till you see it, it's perfect. The guy told me it's one of a kind, they stopped making it.
jerry: Nothing, the moving guys are taking it. Why, you want it?
jerry: Well, I'm sure that they can deliver it to your apartment.
jerry: It's here!
jerry: Oh, you mean from Poppie's Restaurant?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What made you resurrect that old idea?
jerry: I'm not goin' there. Didn't he get busted by the Board of Health?
jerry: Oh, Kramer, I -
jerry: Right there, guys. That's perfect. Ah? Whatta ya think, Lainie?
jerry: Oh no, I don't want anyone sitting on it.
jerry: Uh, no. Should I have?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Ah ha...
jerry: I can't wait.
jerry: Clever.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: You're something. So anyway, when they were in my house before, I didn't offer them anything to drink.
jerry: So, anyone sweaty comes into your house has to be offered a drink?
jerry: Well, would you apologize for me? (Elaine nods. Poppie comes out of the kitchen.)
jerry: Well, Kramer told us all about your business venture together.
jerry: So, what's good tonight?
jerry: Ah, I could've stayed home and ordered a pizza from Paccino's.
jerry: Why not?
jerry: So, you won't eat the pizza?
jerry: Really.
jerry: Well, what if Poppie felt the same way?
jerry: Really!
jerry: Well, perhaps we should inquire. Poppie! Oh, Poppie. Could I have a word? (Poppie comes over.)
jerry: Poppie, I was just curious...where do you stand on the abortion issue?
jerry: Oh, boy.
jerry: Well, I'm certainly glad I brought it up. (Gets up and leaves.)
jerry: Well, you should have seen it. It was quite a scene over there.
jerry: Oh, you really missed something. And I have to say...it was pretty much all my fault. (Jerry smiles. George laughs.) So, how's the book coming? (George's laughs taper off...) I say, how's the book comin'?
jerry: So, what's it about?
jerry: Holly Go-Lightly.
jerry: Yes, you haven't read a page, have you?
jerry: Big surprise.
jerry: You're not very bright, are you?
jerry: Why don't you rent the movie?
jerry: Oh...well...
jerry: We should get him something.
jerry: Whoa!
jerry: Did you tell him I was sorry I didn't offer him the drink?
jerry: No games? What is the point of dating without games? How do you know if you're winning or losing?
jerry: Ah ha. And what is his stand on abortion?
jerry: What is his stand...on abortion?
jerry: How do you know?
jerry: Well, you should probably ask, because if he's gonna be coming over with those Paccino's pizzas...could be trouble.
jerry: Hey, what's happenin.'
jerry: You got a regular 'Manhattan Project' going on over there.
jerry: Okay. Hi, Poppie.
jerry: I'm sorry about the gift, I didn't know about your condition.
jerry: Okay. I'll get it. (Goes into the bedroom.)
jerry: ...the...the...
jerry: This puddle on my sofa!
jerry: Well, what is it then?! My new sofa! Poppie peed on my new sofa!
jerry: I don't care if it comes out, I can't sit on that anymore!
jerry: You see?!
jerry: Well, I guess I have no choice.
jerry: I was hoping you'd offer. (The intercom buzzes, Jerry answers it.) Yeah?
jerry: 'Kay. (Buzzes them in.)
jerry: Your boyfriend, he's taking it out.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Oh, really. (Carl and another moving guy come in and pick up the couch.)
jerry: Hey Carl, I also need you to go to Elaine's and bring my old couch back.
jerry: Could you?
jerry: George is taking it.
jerry: He said he doesn't care, he'll just turn the cushion over.
"jerry: I've never been able to figure out why they make these bizarre toilet seats that they have. You know, like those clear Lucite ones, with all the, the coins in it? It's a lovely tribute to our past president, by the way. It's not bad enough Lincoln got shot in the head, we gotta pull down our pants and sit on him, too. It's just incomprehensible that you would buy a thing like this, you install it on your toilet seat, and this says what about you? ""Well, I can't afford to just throw money down the toilet, but look how close I am!"""
"jerry: I cannot believe Lindsay's still seeing you after that ""Breakfast at Tiffany's"" thing."
jerry: As we all do.
jerry: Oh, so you're gonna meet the mother?
jerry: You're good with the mothers.
jerry: Maybe you should date the mothers.
jerry: Oh, you got something goin'.
jerry: What do you need a hammer for?
jerry: Oh, yeah! I wanna see that. Bring it over.
jerry: Nah, I don't think so.
jerry: Hey, could you wait until the man finishes?
jerry: Hey, guess what? Remember that woman you saw me with the other day? You know, she used to be an Olympic gymnast?
jerry: Yeah, she's Romanian, she won a silver at the '84 Olympics.
jerry: Yeah, well, I think I'm bailing.
jerry: Yeah, you know, Kramer, there's always a price to pay for just a sexual dalliance.
jerry: She's Romanian. What am I gonna talk to her about, Ceausescu?
jerry: (watching George buttoning his shirt) What is this?
"jerry: (stares at George, incredulous) ""Back on""? What was it doing off?"
jerry: (laughing) What for?
jerry: Unbuttoned, or all the way off?
jerry: Of course.
jerry: What, again? Kramer, if you keep getting these attacks, you should see the doctor and have it checked out.
jerry: (picks up newspaper, turns to George) You always take the shirt off?
jerry: Boy, I tell ya', knowing you is like going out in the jungle. I never know what I'm going to find next, and I'm real scared.
jerry: (trying desperately to make conversation) So, Ceausescu. He must've been some dictator.
"jerry: He, uh, he must've been dictating first thing in the morning. ""I want a cup of coffee and a muffin!"""
jerry: No, you'd have to be crazy.
jerry: Yes. Very bad. Very, very bad.
"jerry: So lemme get this straight you find yourself in the kitchen. You see an clair, in the receptacle. And you think to yourself, ""What the hell, I'll just eat some trash."""
jerry: Was it in the trash?
jerry: Then it was trash.
jerry: But it was in the cylinder!
jerry: Adjacent to refuse, is refuse.
jerry: Was it eaten?
jerry: Well, that's garbage.
jerry: Well, you, my friend, have crossed the line that divides Man and Bum. You are now a Bum.
jerry: Hey!
jerry: What's with you?
jerry: What stone?
jerry: What is that, anyway?
jerry: Oh, that's gotta hurt.
jerry: Good for you.
jerry: Y'know what you should do now? Get her some flowers, smooth it out.
jerry: Kramer, are you still on this? I've seen gymnasts. I know what they do. It's not going to make any difference.
jerry: Kramer, y'know, guys like you, with no conscience, don't know what it's like for guys like me. I'm in the unfortunate position of having to consider people's feelings.
jerry: No.
jerry: No.
jerry: Boy, you can really talk some trash. (to George) I guess that's better than eating it.
jerry: All right.
jerry: (pointing at TV) Hey, that's her!
jerry: (smiling and excited) Well, here we are.
jerry: How did you stay on that beam like that? (holds up hand) I mean, it's only this wide!
jerry: Oh boy...
"jerry: I couldn't believe it. Uh, I mean I thought I was entering a ""magical world"" of sensual delights, but it was just so ordinary. I mean, there was nothing gymnastic about it."
jerry: Well, you know. I mean... I dunno.
jerry: Well, obviously I prefer not to mention any, you know...
jerry: You see, now I really don't want to get into this, any kind of specifics...
jerry: Well... Frankly, I thought, you know, I was gonna kinda' be like the apparatus.
jerry: See, again, I really don't feel that...
jerry: Could we stop?
jerry: All right. Let's just drop it.
jerry: So lemme ask you this how long would you say I have to put in now because of, you know, last night.
jerry: (sarcastic) Oh, great.
jerry: Between Poland and Morgan?
jerry: Kramer! The stone!
jerry: What happened, did you pass the stone?
jerry: Strike two!
jerry: You're behind in the count.
jerry: I'm going out with Katya, thanks to you.
jerry: If I do it again, that extends my payment book another two weeks.
jerry: We're going to the circus. One of her old Olympic teammates is an acrobat. I don't even feel like going out.
jerry: Yeah, well, y'know what? If I gotta go, and spend time with this girl, then you're coming with me, Dr. Cyclops!
jerry: Yeah, well you're going.
"jerry: ""Greatest Show on Earth""!"
jerry: Well, they certainly take up a lot of space.
jerry: Well, break a leg.
jerry: Eh, show biz...
jerry: Boy, those capes are really coming back.
jerry: What is that sound?
jerry: Oh, why not?
jerry: Really?
jerry: Ill have the, ah, turkey club without the bacon.
jerry: She does have a way.
jerry: Well they do work on tips.
jerry: Ah, I should have got the egg white omelet.
jerry: The omelet. Damn.
jerry: No.
jerry: Not possible.
jerry: Lannie, how was the trip?
jerry: Yeah, well that relationships really got a lot of potential.
jerry: Oh no, it's Kenny Bania.
jerry: (quietly) Oh, he's this awful comedian.
jerry: Hey Kenny. (with some fake enthusiasm, just to be polite)
jerry: Elaine, George (introducing them to Bania with less enthusiasm)
jerry: How's it going?
jerry: No kidding.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Ahh, Im a 40. Why?
jerry: Well I don't know if I ...
jerry: Well ... ok, I guess (voice trailing off)
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, yeah, lucky me. (sips coffee)
jerry: Well, go in there and talk to her. She's not going to put em on the glass.
jerry: Pull yourself together. Your going in there soldier! That's an order!
jerry: Get in there. (he pushes George in the direction of the restaurant)
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What?
jerry: Why?
jerry: YEAH? (speaking loudly so the visitor can hear him through the intercom)
jerry: ALL RIGHT, COME ON UP (Jerry puts his head down - he's not looking forward to Kenny Bania)
jerry: Well, well, why are you getting rid of your refrigerator? (he gets up from the table and carries a dish into the kitchen)
jerry: What for?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yes, yes, I heard.
jerry: No, it's ok.
jerry: All right, all right. (trying on the suit jacket)
jerry: Ok, Yeah all right.
jerry: Yes, yes, he is.
jerry: Dinner?
jerry: Yeah, Ill see you.
jerry: Yeah, that's a deal. That's a terrible deal. I don't want to go out to dinner with him. Id rather make my own suit.
jerry: Hey. (raises hands into fists of encouragement)
jerry: I love the day date. No wine, No shower.
jerry: So you just pretended it didnt bother you?
jerry: Boy, It's the way they just slip it in there too.
jerry: Well let me ask you this. What exactly did you say when you asked her out?
jerry: Oh, a walk, well --
jerry: Or something. Yeah, that's a date.
jerry: Course you know there is always the possibility, that she called an audible.
jerry: Well she got up to the line of scrimmage, didnt like the looks of the defense and changed the play.
jerry: Uh huh.
jerry: You did?
jerry: Yeah. You said you liked horse manure.
jerry: (quietly) Mm-hm.
jerry: And it was around this point that she mentioned the boyfriend?
jerry: Im just saying there's a chance she may not have been enamored with your thoughts and feelings on manure.
jerry: My honest opinion, I think she made it up.
jerry: Aaa. Well ... you want something to eat, don't you?
jerry: Well Im glad it's working out.
jerry: Boy, if I could meet a hostess, we could open up our own place.
jerry: Is she?
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Oh, Hi.
jerry: Yeah, you wanna get that meal, don't you?
jerry: No I haven't?
jerry: All right.
jerry: (hangs up the phone) Yeah, I really needed that suit.
jerry: Mm. That's fantastic. (he could care less)
jerry: No I don't.
jerry: Why?
jerry: No, not yet.
jerry: Ill have the salmon.
jerry: Another time? What other time?
jerry: No, no, Bania, no. This is the dinner. The soup counts.
jerry: Im not stopping you from eating. Go ahead and eat. Get anything you want.
jerry: Then that's the meal.
jerry: I didnt tell you to have a hot dog. Who told you to have a hot dog?
jerry: All right, fine. Get the soup!
jerry: So he just gets soup. He wants to save the meal. So now I got to do it all over again.
jerry: I don't know? Consomm or something.
jerry: What?
jerry: Elaine you're missing the whole point.
jerry: The meal is the act of sitting down with him. It doesn't matter what you get, as long as he's sitting in that restaurant, its a meal.
jerry: You see -- ah, uh ...
jerry: A bowl, ok?
jerry: As a mater of fact, he did.
jerry: It's like Im talking to my Aunt Sylvia here.
jerry: Well, I have some money. What do you need? (pulls out some bills)
jerry: So is she working? Is she here?
jerry: Have you said anything to her?
jerry: Are you going to say anything?
jerry: Ill have an egg white omelet.
jerry: Yeah, that was bad.
jerry: Oh, no, it's Kenny. Slide out so he can't sit down. (George & Jerry each slide to the end of their booth seats)
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Actually, I did. I put it on last night and slept in it.
jerry: ... Oh, Im joking.
jerry: Why don't you get a sandwich?
jerry: OK ... (nodding his head up and down) This is it cha know
jerry: This is the meal ... so stock up buddy boy.
jerry: Yes it is. Soup and sandwich. That is a meal.
jerry: I tried to do that.
jerry: Doesn't matter, This is it. This completes the transaction.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Where's Simon?
jerry: When's he leaving? (putting some items into the refrigerator)
jerry: Ah, no thanks.
jerry: (on the phone) Hello? No, Im sorry Bania ... Im not going over this again. Well who told you to order soup? ... No! There's no dinner. There's not going to be any dinner. You've had a sandwich and 2 bowls of soup and that's it. Good-bye.
jerry: Hey, what size suit are you?
jerry: 40. Perfect. Brand-new Armani suit, you want it?
jerry: Great, its yours. I can't stand the sight of it. Elaine, heres the car keys. (tosses her the keys)
jerry: Yo?
jerry: I don't have your suit. I gave it away.
jerry: Well it's gone. Im sorry. Good-bye Bania.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Ok.
jerry: Nothing.
jerry: You want food, don't cha? (nodding his head up and down)
jerry: All right, go ahead
jerry: What are we doing out here? Aren't we going to go in and eat?
jerry: Oh, w-what are you saying? So we're not going to go in there anymore?
jerry: We can't eat here anymore, because he took a waitress out for a walk.
jerry: So what's going on with Simon? Did he leave?
jerry: Look at this. They make a point of saying on the menu, No egg white omelets. Look at that.
jerry: Oh, hi Hilde. Can I get an egg white omelet?
jerry: All right, just give me a western. (unhappy)
jerry: Not fair.
jerry: She's on your turf.
jerry: You're the best.
jerry: Well as I see it, you've got to apply the same principles that get you fired, but redirected, outwardly.
jerry: Well, there's nothing left. There's no food.
jerry: Why'd she get fired?
jerry: Boy, he's a real bounder, isn't he?
jerry: I don't have it. You want half my omelet? (holds his omelet plate up to Bania)
jerry: Okay, Tim. You're welcome. (Hangs up.)
jerry: Yes, it was. He wanted your address - you, my friend, are going to be invited to his night-before-Thanksgiving party. (Elaine raises her hands triumphantly, then gleefully struts her way to the kitchen.) You know, he's got that great apartment on 77th street, and they overlook where they inflate all those huge balloons for the Macy's Thankgiving Day Parade?
jerry: Oh, he's a dentist. You don't want to go out with a dentist.
jerry: He'll always be criticizing your brushing technique, it'll drive you crazy. (Mimics brushing his teeth) Away from the gums... (The door opens a little, George jangles the keys to his new car at Jerry and Elaine, then enters.)
jerry: Uh - new car!
jerry: Hey! Did you get the Volvo?
jerry: I thought Consumer said Volvo was the car.
jerry: Alright. Seems like...a strange choice.
jerry: You bought a car because it belonged to Jon Voight?
jerry: I think yes, yes. You like the idea of telling people you're driving Jon Voight's car.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: I really don't wear the kind of shoes that have to be cobbled.
jerry: Alright, take 'em.
jerry: I like Jon Voight. Just seems like kind've a strange reason to buy a car, because he might have driven it.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Don't you see, that's the genius of it. If he had said Liam Neeson, you'd know he's making it up.
jerry: Oh, look at this, I stepped in gum.
jerry: Let me get a clean pair. (Goes into his room. George strides over to the window.)
jerry: Not all of 'em!
jerry: Obviously. So what am I supposed to wear?
jerry: I can't wear these!
jerry: They're uncomfortable.
jerry: I worked a club in Dallas one time and they couldn't afford to pay me so they gave me these. Oh, I can't wear these! (Stands up.) They look ridiculous!
jerry: But I don't wanna be a cowboy!
jerry: Oh yeah? Huh.
jerry: No, nothing.
jerry: No, it's just that I, uh...didn't get one.
jerry: Ah, but he called me up and he asked for yours and Elaine's addresses, I'm sure that means I'm invited.
jerry: Hey, why would you call someone up and ask them for two addresses if you're not invited to the party?
jerry: C'mon, put the top up, it's November!
jerry: Let's check out the glove box. (Opens the glove compartment, takes out a pencil.) Ah. Pencil.
jerry: With Jon Voight's teeth marks. (Looks at the owner's manual.) Owner's manual...you know what? This car was owned by Jon Voight.
jerry: Except Jon is spelled with an H. J-O-H-N.
jerry: Doesn't Jon Voight spell his name J-O-N?
"jerry: Nothing. I'm sure ""Jon"" probably mispelled his own name. I know sometimes I spell Jerry with a G...and an I! (Laughs uproariously.)"
jerry: What?
jerry: And Barbara Mandrell's skateboard!
jerry: No, they didn't even touch me. I tripped because of these stupid cowboy boots.
jerry: You really seemed to enjoy it.
jerry: Ah! What'd you find out, Lois?
jerry: Yeah...
jerry: So...?
jerry: Alright, but let me ask you this question.
"jerry: Which word did he emphasize? Did he say, ""Why would Jerry bring anything?"" or, ""Why would Jerry bring anything?"" You emphasize ""Jerry"" or ""bring."""
jerry: You know what? The hell with this party, I don't even want to go to begin with. (Kramer enters.)
jerry: Hey, so where's my sneakers?
jerry: What do you mean?
jerry: So all my sneakers are gone?
jerry: Mom and Pop aren't even a Mom and Pop?!
jerry: Where ya goin'?
jerry: Why does he want to hold a rope underneath Woody Woodpecker in the Thanksgiving Day Parade?
jerry: No Jon Voight Day, huh?
jerry: Yeah, it's all swollen. I think I may have chipped a tooth when I fell yesterday.
jerry: I'm calling dentists all day here, there's nobody working the day before Thanksgiving.
jerry: No, I don't know if I'm invited.
jerry: Yeah, you're right.
jerry: Yeah, I gotta see a dentist, this is killin' me. Well, I'll take a chance. We'll go together.
jerry: You don't want to go with me?
jerry: The way I feel when I go places with you? (Kramer enters.) Hey, so'd you find my sneakers yet?
jerry: What?
jerry: Well, what is he, a vampire?
jerry: Oh, please.
jerry: No, it's stupid.
jerry: So you're gonna show up at that party with a chewed-up pencil and Kramer's gnarled arm.
jerry: So, Kramer, you wanna go to the party together?
jerry: Hey, Elaine. Did you get my message?
jerry: Elaine, would you marry me?
jerry: Alright. Forget it.
jerry: Hey, Tim.
"jerry: Did you say, ""Jerry, I didn't think you'd show"" or, ""Jerry, I didn't think you'd show""? (Elaine comes over.)"
jerry: Just a quick peek. I'm in agony.
jerry: Especially that big kid up in the front. (Mr. Pitt is shown on the television, trying to hold up the deflating Woody balloon.) How old is he? (The phone rings.) Hello?
jerry: Yes it is.
jerry: Can I have the address of that garage sale? Okay, thank you very much. (To Kramer) I found Mom and Pop, they're sellin' my sneakers!
jerry: Parsippany, New Jersey.
jerry: My car's in the shop.
jerry: That's incredible. Six months ago you were taking messages for your mother.
jerry: From your mother.
jerry: So this ah, woman you plan on hiring, is she going to be in the Spokes model category?
jerry: That's a 180, George.
jerry: Hi Willie.
jerry: I got this stuff and ah my mother's fur coat for storage.
jerry: Ah, she keeps it in my apartment for when she comes up from Florida.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Yeah, that's why I said hi.
jerry: Thanks. It's Hounds-Tooth.
jerry: Oh yes, it really accentuates my bust line.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: So you're saying, Store -- Hotsy-Totsy, Home-- Hotsy-Notsy.
jerry: I thought we were going to the movies?
jerry: Because you didnt have a job?
jerry: A lesser man would have crumbled. They would have gone for the dish and the sure fire sexual-harassment suit.
jerry: It's a little ...
jerry: You got no waist in that thing.
jerry: How fast was she walking?
"jerry: No. I think it's Demi. (the ""i"" sounds like an ""e"")"
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh, you're crazy.
jerry: Do it tomorrow. Well go to the movies.
jerry: Well, that was the worst.
jerry: Yeah, I think I do.
jerry: Well, all I got is my dry-cleaning stub.
jerry: Uma Therman? Really?
jerry: He's got the Kavorca. (looking towards the theater door, Jerry notices one of the movie goers) Hey, isn't that Willie, my dry-cleaner?
jerry: He just went in. You know, I think he was wearing my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
jerry: It looked just like the jacket I brought in to be dry-cleaned. He complimented me on it.
jerry: So you're having sex and then all of a sudden, you just blurt out Im giving you a raise.
jerry: Just a quick sidebar here -- are you in anyway authorized to give raises?
jerry: So you're so grateful to have sex, that you'll just shout out anything that comes into your head.
jerry: Well maybe she'll just think it was bawdy talk.
jerry: Maybe you could have sex with her again and then take it back.
jerry: All right, all right. Im sorry.
jerry: How long has she been there?
jerry: It's almost a week.
jerry: Oh, My god.
jerry: It's a movie stub from the 930 show. George, I think Willie the dry-cleaner has been wearing my clothes.
jerry: Hello, Willie.
jerry: No, but ah, seen any good movies lately?
jerry: Yeah. Specifically 930 shows. Seen any good 930 shows at the Paragon, Willie?
jerry: I saw you the other night stepping out with my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
jerry: You need a code to tell you not to wear peoples clothes
jerry: Yeahhh, am I imagining this? (he whips out the movie stub and holds it up to Willie) Found this little cutie in the pocket. (throws the stub on the counter)
jerry: Yeah, Yeah. Well, now that we understand each other -- Ill be taking my business elsewhere. And I want my mother's fur coat back too.
jerry: Now.
jerry: Yeah. I want that coat. (Jerry opens his wallet, looking for the dry-cleaning ticket)
jerry: Where's that ticket? Oh, Kramer.
jerry: No, not on me.
jerry: Why? I've got my cleaning before without a ticket.
jerry: All right, Ill be back.
jerry: (to the Barneys sales associate) Excuse me, could you tell me where I could find, like, women's moisturizer lotions?
jerry: Kramer?
jerry: What clothes?
jerry: No.
jerry: What am I doing here? You're in the women's dressing room. I need that ticket stub back so I can get my mother's fur coat out.
jerry: Where are your pants?
jerry: What? You sold your pants to Bania. Let me in.
jerry: Why'd you sell your pants to Bania?
jerry: Where are your clothes?
jerry: You mean what you were wearing?
jerry: How'd you expect to get out of here?
jerry: [Elaine]
jerry: Im going out. (he comes out of the dressing room, while Kramer remains inside)
jerry: Bania.
jerry: (to Bania) Excuse me. (he goes back in the dressing room)
jerry: Never mind Uma, I need that ticket to get my mother's fur coat back. Why don't you just give him the money for the suit?
jerry: I got an idea.
jerry: I cant believe Im gonna do this. (Jerry opens the door and exits the dressing room. He walks over to Bania)
jerry: Bania can I talk to you for a second? How's everything going?
jerry: Yeah, well, see the thing of it is, Im in a bit of an awkward position here. Because, uhh, I don't want to get in between you two guys but ... I need a dry-cleaning ticket that's in the pocket of those pants.
jerry: Yeah, yeah all right, well uh ... tell you what I will do Bania -- you give me the ticket, and uh, I will take you out for a nice dinner.
jerry: You want to go to Mendys, Ill take you to Mendys.
jerry: all right lets be reasonable, Bania. Im taking you out for a nice dinner. All I want is a little ticket in that pocket. I think it's a pretty good deal.
jerry: . . . All right (gritting teeth) Just give me the ticket.
jerry: Ohh ... (takes the ticket and heads for the dressing room)
jerry: Let me in, it's me. (Kramer opens the door, Jerry goes in the dressing room) Here. You don't know what this is costing me. (hands Kramer the ticket)
jerry: (Takes the ticket back and looks at it, flips it over) The dry-cleaning numbers are gone too.
jerry: (grabs the ticket back) Give me that.
jerry: Hey Bania, the dinners off. The ticket's no good. The numbers are all smudged out. (holds out the ticket and hands it to Bania)
jerry: The ticket is worthless.
jerry: Hey, Isn't that my mother's fur coat?
jerry: It is! (Jerry walks forcefully into the dressing room and closes the door) Give me that back.
jerry: You cant have that coat, it's not yours.
jerry: What do you think the dry-cleaners is your own personal closet!
jerry: Yeah, it's very good. (reluctantly)
jerry: Yeah. Im having a wonderful time. (it's obvious he isn't)
jerry: (Interrupting Bania) Yeah, yeah I know. This would be good, but it would be the same. But if we go some place else, it would be different, but it might not be as good. It's a gamble. I get it.
jerry: Oh, and who might that be?
jerry: If you are a waitress and you ever see me in a restaurant, Im telling you right now, I don't want to hear about the specials. I don't want to know about the specials. Im sick of the specials. I hate the specials. My feeling is, if the specials were so special, they'd be on the menu. You know what's special about them? They don't know if anybody likes them. They always have these overly creative descriptions of the specials too, you know. The veil is lightly slapped, and then sequestered in a one-bedroom suite with a white wine intravenous.
jerry: Ready to go Lois?
jerry: Excuse me Lois. Stand back Lois. Jimmy's in trouble Lois.
jerry: Duncan Meyers!
jerry: Well, I'd have to be Superman to do that Lois.
jerry: Hi oh.
jerry: She couldn't make it.
jerry: I know, finally. But George, guess who her boss is. Duncan Meyers.
jerry: Elaine, only one other person in the world knows what I am about to tell you and that's George. When we were in the ninth grade they had us all line up at one end of the school yard for this big race to see who was going to represent the school in this track meet.
jerry: I was the last one on the end. George was next to me. And Mr. Bevilacqua, the gym . . .
jerry: Mr. Bevilacqua, the gym teacher.
"jerry: He was down at the other end. So he yells out, ""Ready, On your mark, Get set, "" and I was so keyed up I just took off. By the time he said go I was ten yards ahead of everybody."
jerry: By the time the race was over I had won. I was shocked nobody had noticed the head start.
jerry: And I had won by so much a myth began to grow about my speed. Only Duncan suspected something was a miss. He's hated me ever since. Now he's back.
jerry: I never did. In four years of high school I would never race anyone again. Not even to the end of the block to catch a bus. And so the legend grew. Everyone wanted me to race. They begged me. The track coach called my parents. Pleading. Telling them it was a sin to waste my god given talent. But I answered him in the same way I answered everyone. I chose not to run.
jerry: He's back. And I knew he would be someday. (drinks) Man that's some tart cider!
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Oh, so am I . Uh, how's Duncan?
jerry: He say anything?
jerry: Oh, nothing in particular.
jerry: I did not cheat.
jerry: Oh, he's just jealous because he came in second.
jerry: Yes
jerry: Faster than a speeding bullet Lois.
jerry: I couldnt tell her the truth. I don't know what's going to happen between us. What if we have a bad breakup. She'll go straight to Duncan. And I want him to go to his grave never being certain I got that
jerry: Wow, a communist. That's something.
jerry: The Daily Worker has personal ads?
jerry: Yours or hers?
jerry: Wow, look at you. So you got the job.
jerry: Hello, Oh hi Lois, you want to get together, what for? I don't know about that, I'll have to think about it. I'll let you know. Okay, bye.
jerry: Duncan wants to get together with her and me for lunch tomorrow. He obviously wants me to admit I got a head start. And I don't think she believes me.
jerry: That's not bad.
jerry: I didn't hit puberty til the 9th grade. That's what gave me my speed. Besides, if I got a head start why didn't Mr. Bevilacqua stop the race?
jerry: Well, I . . . [sees George]
jerry: I'm sorry, uh,
jerry: Oh, George Costanza , Kennedy High.
jerry: This is Lois.
jerry: I'm I'm a comedian.
jerry: Yeah, yeah
jerry: Yeah, yeah, Well, you really got bald there, didn't you?
jerry: You really used to have a think full head of hair.
jerry: yeah, yeah.
jerry: Well you've really built yourself up into something.
jerry: Well, one cannot help[ but wonder what brings you into a crummy little coffee shop like this.
jerry: Ah, you know you have a hole in your sneaker there. What is that canvas?
jerry: George, George, hang on. I haven't seen you in so long.
jerry: I thought we might reminisce a little more. You know Duncan and I were just taking about the big race.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: George!
jerry: Did I get a head start?
jerry: You satisfied? So you see?
jerry: No, no, no, another race - out of the question.
jerry: All right! I'll do it. The race is on.
jerry: And he's calling all these people from High School to come and watch. I knew this day would come. I can't do it. I can't go through with it. I'm calling it off. I can't let the legend die. It's like a kid finding out there's no Santa Claus
jerry: So you'll just explain to him you're not a Communist. You just called the woman for a date.
jerry: Hello, oh hi Duncan, 400 o'clock tomorrow? That is not going to work. . . . Why? I'll tell you why. Because I chose not to run!
jerry: Hi how are you?
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: What? He can't do that.
jerry: Don't worry Lois. I'll think of something.
jerry: I need a miracle.
jerry: Yes, Mr. Beviacqua
jerry: Maybe I will , Lois. Maybe I will.
jerry: Come on. Lets go
jerry: What's it doin here?
jerry: Oh, Bruline. Newman's got the same one.
jerry: He's fantastic.
jerry: You loaned her Pitt's racquet?
jerry: Oh, OK. Next time lets play ping pong. It's easier to jump over the net.
jerry: Bye bye
jerry: Hm, really?
jerry: Yeah, it was OK. Frankenstein didn't seem quite right to me. I missed the sport jacket.
jerry: Not that it was that nice of a jacket. I mean it didn't fit him that well. To me there's just something about a monster in a blazer. It shows at least he's making an effort.
jerry: I'm glad you enjoyed it.
jerry: It was unbelievable. You're right the jokes kept bouncing off her like superman.
"jerry: And even when she did like something, she doesn't laugh. She says, ""That's funny."" ... That's funny!"
jerry: I mean how can I be with someone that doesn't laugh. It's like ... well it's like something!
jerry: What noise?
jerry: What blah?
jerry: Oh, you think she was refunding?
jerry: In a manner of speaking.
jerry: Thanks.
jerry: A matron?
jerry: uh, well I can't help you there (weakly).
jerry: Kramer you're going to have to face her some time
jerry: Why didn't you just ask her for it?
jerry: Yeah
jerry: C'mon up.
jerry: So when do you have to get the racquet back to Mr. Pitt?
jerry: He needs a three hundred-dollar Bruline to beat Ethyl Kennedy?
jerry: Well, why don't you wait 'til she's not there on her lunch hour and just take it?
jerry: Stealing? You loaned her the racquet!
jerry: So what happened with Kramer's mother?
jerry: What's she like?
jerry: What is it?
jerry: We've been trying to get it out of him for ten years. What is it?
jerry: Hi, is Sandy here?
jerry: I would except I forgot to bring a towel.
jerry: So the roommate laughed at everything I said.
"jerry: It was a great sounding laugh too, kind of lilting and feminine--none of those big coarse ""ha's."" You know those?"
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: And the worst part of course is that she also possessed many of the other qualities prized by the Superficial Man.
jerry: So as you can see, I've got a bit of a problem here.
jerry: Can't be done, huh?
"jerry: ""The Switch."""
jerry: I wonder.
jerry: They didn't have roommates in the Middle Ages.
jerry: The point is I intend to undertake this. And I'll do it with or without you. So if you're scared, if you haven't got the stomach for this, let's get it out right now! And I'll go on my own. If not, you can get on board and we can get to work! Now what's it going to be?
jerry: I couldn't do it without you.
jerry: Aw, we can't do it, who are we kidding? It's impossible! It's true! You can't do the Switch! Nobody can do the Switch! It was a stupid idea to begin with! Let's face it. I'm stuck with the non-laugher and that's that!
jerry: Yeah, sure we will.
jerry: All right. So I tell Sandy that I want to have a mnage  trois with her and her roommate.
jerry: And you believe this course of action will have a two-pronged effect. Firstly, the very mention of the idea will cause Sandy to recoil in disgust, whereupon she will insist that I remove myself from the premises.
jerry: At this point, it is inevitable that she will seek out the roommate to apprise her of this abhorrent turn of events.
jerry: The roommate will then offer her friend the requisite sympathy even as part of her cannot help but feel somewhat flattered by her inclusion in the unusual request.
jerry: Huh. Well, it all sounds pretty good. There's only one flaw in it They're roommates. She'd have to go out with me behind Sandy's back. She's not gonna do that.
jerry: It's a perfect plan. So inspired. So devious. Yet so simple.
jerry: You know, I don't know the exact pronunciation but I believe its Manage A Trois.
jerry: Uh?
jerry: Hey
jerry: Ah, that's a shame.
jerry: Yeah, I did. In fact I went over there.
jerry: No actually, she took it pretty well.
jerry: She's into it.
jerry: The manage. And not only that. She just called me and said she talked to the roommate and the roomate's into the manage too.
jerry: Oh, it's a scene man.
jerry: What are you talking about? I'm not goin' to do it.
jerry: I can't. I'm not an orgy guy.
jerry: Don't you know what it means to become an orgy guy? It changes everything. I'd have to dress different. I'd have to act different. I'd have to grow a mustache and get all kinds of robes and lotions and I'd need a new bedspread and new curtains I'd have to get thick carpeting and weirso lighting. I'd have to get new friends. I'd have to get orgy friends. ... Naw, I'm not ready for it.
jerry: Oh, shut up you couldn't do it either.
jerry: Hey, what happened? Did you get your racquet?
jerry: What do you mean you got caught?
jerry: I still don't understand how you can get in trouble for taking your own racquet.
jerry: Hi Cosmo.
jerry: Hey, doesn't Newman have a Bruline racquet?
jerry: Hum, but you've got the key to his place right?
jerry: Well Elaine needs to borrow his racquet. Just for today.
jerry: You sure you don't want the tickets?
jerry: I can't believe I'm having trouble getting rid of Super Bowl tickets.
jerry: I can't, the Drake put me in the wedding party.
jerry: Maybe he didn't know?
jerry: Row F, in front of the Gs, hobnobbing with the Ds and Es.
jerry: I asked. Elaine laughed at me, Kramer's only interested in Canadian football.
jerry: Come on, take them. You could take Bonnie.
jerry: What do you think?
jerry: Yeah, sleeping arrangements. So, you haven't, uh...
jerry: Aah.
jerry: The Dentist?
jerry: Oh, no. I explained the whole thing to him, he was fine with it.
jerry: Yeah, I blamed it on you. Hi Tim.
jerry: Ah, just a couple of gals out on the town, shopping and gabbing.
jerry: Hey. How would you like to go to the Super Bowl?
jerry: Here. Two tickets. Have a good time.
jerry: No no no. No dinner.
jerry: Tim, you didn't have to get me a thank you gift. I know, it's a label maker. The Label Baby Junior. Yeah, I hear they're good. Well, label me thankful. Okay, well you enjoy those tickets. Buh-bye.
jerry: Come in.
jerry: What is it?
jerry: Kramer, why do you have to (noticing Newman) Hello, Newman.
jerry: Take what?
jerry: So why don't you leave it at Newman's?
jerry: So that's here?
jerry: I don't wanna be Switzerland.
jerry: Alright, soldier boys, let's fall out.
jerry: Yeah, yeah.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Ok.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Yes it is. I got it as a gift, it's a Label Baby Junior.
jerry: Tim Whatley?
jerry: One Tim Whatley!
jerry: The same, he sent it as a thank you for my Super Bowl tickets.
jerry: Or maybe he liked your gift so much, he decided to get me the same thing. Perhaps it's an homage.
jerry: Well how did he react when you gave it to him?
jerry: He repeated the name of the gift?
jerry: Oh, well, if you repeat the name of the gift, you can't possibly like it.
"jerry: Oh, you know, like when someone opens something up and they go, ""Oh. Tube socks."" What are you gonna do about it?"
jerry: Why'd you get him a gift anyway?
jerry: Yeah, well, if you're getting him anything for his birthday, I'm alarge.
jerry: Male roommate, huh?
jerry: Is this a problem?
jerry: Well, maybe he's --
jerry: So he's an eligible receiver.
jerry: What's stopping them?
jerry: What does he look like?
jerry: He looks like you and he's working from the inside?
jerry: Not you.
jerry: We'll take a check please.
jerry: I know, you would drape yourself in velvet.
jerry: Many times. You love velvet, you want to live in velvet, everything with the velvet.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: So what?
jerry: Oh, maybe he's got no hot water.
jerry: Are you through?
jerry: The wedding is off? What happened?
jerry: I can't call Tim Whatley and ask for the tickets back.
jerry: Are you even vaguely familiar with the concept of giving? There's no grace period.
jerry: Possibly.
jerry: You may have a point.
jerry: Alright, I'll call him.
jerry: Oh, it's Risk, it's a game of world domination being played by two guys who can barely run their own lives. (Picks up phone and dials) Hello Tim? Yeah, hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld, remember those tickets I gave you? Well it turns out I can use them. Oh, you do? I understand. Okay. Bye. He already made plans, he can't change them.
jerry: Thanks.
jerry: What are you gonna do about the roommate?
jerry: Well, the pickle breath is a good start.
jerry: What do you want?
jerry: I'm not letting you cheat, Newman. You're not getting anywhere near that board.
jerry: You're not a little anything, Newman. So just pack it up and move it out of here.
jerry: I dunno, watch it on TV I guess. Why?
jerry: You're going to the Super Bowl?
jerry: What's his name?
jerry: That's my ticket!
jerry: (as Newman leaves) Newman!
jerry: Newman. He's going with Newman.
jerry: Newman's his mailman.
jerry: Who goes *anywhere* with Newman?!
jerry: He is merry, I'll give him that. (notices a cactus on the table) What's this plant for?
jerry: Oh, well the cactus will smooth things over.
jerry: What?
jerry: What about the label maker?
jerry: Wait a minute, that's my ticket! You didn't even want to go.
jerry: So, how did you get up there? Did you say you had to use the bathroom?
jerry: Then how'd you get up there?
jerry: That's why you're going to the Super Bowl.
jerry: You go out with a guy one time, you ask him to go upstairs like you're Mae West? Of course he's gonna try and get you alone for the weekend.
jerry: Obviously.
jerry: Yeah, well I don't trust this guy. I think he regifted, he degifted, and now he's using an upstairs invite as a springboard to a Super Bowl sex romp.
jerry: Hey. What are you doing?
jerry: My door?
jerry: (still outside) What was that?
jerry: (after entering) The bedroom!
jerry: I see you, Newman! I see you!
jerry: So she kicked him out of the apartment.
jerry: Wow, she rearranged her whole life for you.
jerry: That's not a good role for you.
jerry: You unwittingly made a major commitment. That's a lot of pressure.
jerry: You wanted to be ensconced in velvet, you're buried.
jerry: He was shouldering.
jerry: Where are you going?
jerry: Oh, well here. Take Whatley's label maker, I don't want to see it again.
jerry: So, too bad about that Super Bowl ticket, eh Newman?
jerry: (walking out) Thanks for having me over, guys.
jerry: Alright, I'll see you later.
jerry: Ah, Tim Whatley. Out scalping?
jerry: Are you serious, what about Elaine?
jerry: Oh. (notices a car being jacked up by a tow truck) Hey, isn't this Kramer's car? (yelling up) Hey, Cosmo!! They're towing your car!!
jerry: Yeah, see you there.
jerry: H... G... F. Seat four. One, two, three... f-- Hello Newman.
jerry: Oh, it's enchanting.
jerry: Can you move over at all?!
jerry: An inch! Can you move over an inch?!?
jerry: So you called the cop a pig?
jerry: Didn't you explain that to the cop?
jerry: (to George) Hey.
jerry: Oh yeah, I knew.
jerry: He told me a few months ago.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Oh yeah, he's fine, fine. He was in bad shape for a while though.
jerry: No, he was on his regular bed.
jerry: He swore me to secrecy.
jerry: It's not like you're my wife.
jerry: Hey, believe me, you were better off not knowing. It's not easy to deal with someone in a situation like this. I was so nice to him I almost made myself sick.
jerry: That's right, you let him have it.
jerry: Who is he not to tell you about his life-threatening illness?
jerry: His illness is your business.
jerry: If not now, when?
jerry: If I told you, you woulda given it away.
jerry: No, but he would've read your face.
jerry: Do you ever win at poker?
jerry: The Jujy Fruits?
jerry: I never heard her say hi.
jerry: It's like a game of tag.
jerry: Where you going?
jerry: You're going to the book store to see Jake Jarmel, aren't you?
jerry: Hey. How'd it go with Gary?
jerry: (suspicious) Really?
jerry: You look like something's on your mind.
jerry: So, that's your poker face.
jerry: No it isn't. I've seen your regular face. That is not it.
jerry: All right George, c'mon, what d'you got? (sits opposite George)
jerry: What you got, a pair of bullets?
jerry: Two pair? Three of a kind?
jerry: Oh my God, you got a flush! You're holding a flush!
jerry: A full house? You got a full house? Turn 'em over George, I wanna see 'em. Come on, I'm calling! (thumps hand on table) What d'you got!
jerry: So what was wrong with him?
jerry: So he's been lying to me for two months?!
jerry: What kind of person is this? There's only one other person who might be able to do something like this, and that's you.
jerry: I don't even think you could do it.
jerry: Yeah, I guess you could.
jerry: Did you know he was so worried about losing more hair if he had to get chemo treatment, I bought him an unlimited gift certificate at the Hair Team For Men, just to put his mind at ease?
jerry: Yeah. Oh, I can't wait to talk to this guy. (moves to pick up phone)
jerry: Why not?
jerry: So you're telling me, because you're getting free parking, I gotta pretend this guy had cancer when he didn't?
jerry: Well I don't like it. I don't like it one bit! And, I'm supposed to see him tomorrow.
jerry: Why didn't he tell me?
jerry: I don't think I can be that nice.
jerry: Gary?
jerry: Is that from my gift certificate?
jerry: (through gritted teeth) Yeah, well, I'm glad you could take advantage.
jerry: I don't think so.
jerry: Okay. (shuts mouth)
jerry: Hey. Look at you. Wha... what's this?
jerry: You look like a pirate.
jerry: (gesturing) This is Gary.
jerry: Can't see on your right side?
jerry: Hey, do you know what the Whip does?
jerry: The Whip. In the Senate, in the House.
jerry: Can you believe someone would lie about chemotherapy to get a wig? Would you do that?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: And you know what else? He picked up that woman in the coffee shop.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Because he was brimming with confidence from the toupee.
jerry: She thinks a guy who lies about a life-threatening illness, so he can get some phony hair has perspective?
jerry: Walked right over to her table.
jerry: You ever see what that thing looks like in the back? You got your natural little curls on the bottom, and then that big phony mat coming down on top of 'em.
jerry: What if you get involved with a woman? How're you gonna tell her?
jerry: So you keep it a secret your whole life, then at your funeral the mortician comes out (as mortician) 'Here, Mrs Costanza, I thought you might want this'. (as Mrs Costanza, horrified) Aahh!
jerry: (unimpressed) I, really can't say.
jerry: It's not good, okay. It's not good. You look (searches for word) stupid. (to salesman) I'm sorry.
jerry: Why don't you get a pair of white shoes, move down to Miami Beach and get the whole thing over with?
jerry: Oh, hey, I'm being helpful. I am the only one being helpful!
jerry: Hey! I'm trying to prevent my friend from becoming one of those guys people snicker at behind their back, because they look ridiculous! No offence to you personally!
jerry: All right! Take it easy! Take it easy.
jerry: I'm sorry.
jerry: What?
jerry: You know, Gary (slams shut the door) I had a little chat with George the other day...
jerry: (advancing on Gary) ...and he told me that that... (becomes indistinct)
jerry: Gimme that thing!
jerry: Look at you. Why don't you use a fork? You're no good with the sticks.
jerry: You stink. You know you stink. What is this?
jerry: Oh. Your ballet tickets.
jerry: No, but I've seen people on tiptoes.
jerry: A beard?
jerry: Yes.
jerry: Why are you doing this?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well what about me?
jerry: It sounds like an excellent idea.
jerry: You can't go wrong with pouty.
jerry: Hey, Lou, who's that woman over there?
jerry: Yeah, I think I will. I like the idea of having the law on my side.
jerry: And did they suspect anything?
jerry: And we discover yet another talent. Posing as a girlfriend for homosexuals.
jerry: You said that already.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Oh no. Don't tell me. You like him?
jerry: Yeah, but?
jerry: So?
jerry: Not conversion. You're thinking conversion?
jerry: You think you can get him to just change teams? He's not going to suddenly switch sides. Forget about it.
jerry: Because when you join that team it's not a whim. He likes his team. He's set with that team.
jerry: Yeah, we do. We do have a good team.
jerry: They're only comfortable with *their* equipment.
jerry: Of course you did. Everyone gets along great when there's no possibility of sex.
jerry: You realize you're venturing into uncharted waters.
jerry: Are you that desperate?
jerry: So are you going to bring your gun?... All right, then it's settled. First date, no weapons... All right I'll see you then... Okay, bye.
jerry: What are you looking for?
jerry: Sorry. I don't have any tupperware.
jerry: What about a plastic bag?
jerry: What is the difference?
jerry: So did you describe yourself to her over the phone?
jerry: What did you say to her?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: As you see it?
jerry: Did you tell her about, uh, your little hat there?
jerry: You know, you're little hair hat there.
jerry: Don't you think she could tell?
jerry: Are you kidding? I could spot that bird's nest two blocks away.
jerry: Have you noticed people staring at your head?
jerry: Well I think you should either take it off or tell her about it.
jerry: Oh, I'll split a cab with you.
jerry: Hi Sarge.
jerry: What's that?
jerry: Oh. Let me ask you, when someone is lying, is it true that their pants are actually on fire?
jerry: Really.
jerry: No.
jerry: I admit it. I don't watch it.
jerry: The poly?
jerry: Yes. Melrose Place.
jerry: Well I do.
jerry: Well maybe I was a little embarrassed.
jerry: And Billy and Jake and Allison, yes we could have discussed it.
jerry: The point is I'm going to be taking this lie detector test and that needle's going to be going wild.
jerry: It's too stupid to confess. Look at what I'm confessing to.
jerry: I don't know. Maybe I can beat the machine.
jerry: Hey you know what? I have access to one of the most deceitful, duplicitous, deceptive minds of our time. Who better to advise me?
jerry: Did you shake it up?
jerry: You gotta shake it up.
jerry: Yeah, that's a real nuisance. This is killing me.
jerry: So tonight are you going to make the move?
jerry: Hey there he is. So what happened? Could she detect it?
jerry: How so?
jerry: She's bald?
jerry: Women go bald?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Good to have you back.
jerry: She's as good as anybody else.
jerry: Yeah you've had like a religious awakening. You're like a bald-again.
jerry: So George, how do I beat this lie detector?
jerry: Come on, you've got the gift. You're the only one that can help me.
jerry: All right, well I've got to go take this test. I can't believe I'm doing this.
jerry: What?
jerry: Get out! (pushes Elaine) How? How did you do that?
"jerry: Elaine, do you know what you've done? You've give hope to every woman who's ever said ""Too bad he's gay""."
jerry: Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: 129 West 81st street.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: (He hesitates) Yes! That stupid idiot. He left her for Kimberly, he slept with her sister. He tricked her into giving him half her business, and then she goes ahead and sleeps with him again. I mean she's crazy. How could she do something like that? Oh that Jane, she makes me so mad.
jerry: He went back? What do you mean he went back?
jerry: I don't understand it. You were having such a great time, the sex, the shopping.
jerry: You can't. That's why they lose very few players.
jerry: Well there's always a place for you, on our team.
jerry: Yeah. It's coming on in a few minutes.
jerry: Hey. Don't worry it hasn't started.
jerry: All right, shut up, shut up, Melrose Place is coming on.
jerry: Oh that Michael, I hate him, he's just so smug.
jerry: I would think.
jerry: (scoffs) You don't flamenco on the first date.
jerry: Yeah? Would you do it?
jerry: Well, I knew you'd have an affinity for it, because it's the dance of a very proud people.
jerry: Hello. (listens) Oh, hi Nana. (listens) What? Oh. Oh, alright, okay. Don't worry about it. (listens) Okay, I'll see you later. Alright, bye.
jerry: I have to go over to my grandmother's.
jerry: I have to open a bottle of ketchup for her.
jerry: No, we have time.
jerry: Ah, she's starting to slip a little. Sometimes she has Difficulty distinguishing between the past and the present.
jerry: Like toothpaste?
jerry: There's a squeeze ketchup.
jerry: Well, if they make squeeze mustard, doesn't it stand to reason that they make squeeze ketchup?
jerry: I really don't see the difference.
jerry: It's subtle.
jerry: (looking ahead) Yeah, there she is. Uh-oh.
jerry: Ah, she's with her friend Wendy.
jerry: Yeah. I'm on a kiss hello program with her.
jerry: Yeah. Every time I see her, I gotta kiss her hello. I just did it once, on her birthday, somehow it mushroomed. Now I dread seeing her because of it.
jerry: Ah, that's fortunate. I really admire that.
jerry: No, I told you I admire your hearing.
jerry: No, don't slough that off, you have great hearing.
jerry: Bye.
jerry: (adamant) Well, I'm going on record right now that that was my last kiss hello. I am getting off the kiss program with her.
jerry: Well, you know, frankly, outside of a sexual relationship, I don't see the point to it. I'm not thrilled with all the handshaking either, but one step at a time.
jerry: (to Elaine) And what's with that hairdo, by the way?
jerry: She looks like something out of an old high school yearbook. You should say something to her.
jerry: Yeah. Kramer's the only person who could say something like that.
jerry: What you have to do is introduce him, and then he'll just come out with it.
jerry: Speak of the devil.
jerry: What for?
jerry: Why?
jerry: (reluctant) I, I don't want my picture plastered up in the lobby.
jerry: (still reluctant) Kramer, I don't wanna stop and talk with everyone, every time I go in the building. I just wanna nod and be on my way.
jerry: Hello, uncle Leo!
jerry: Nana called me to open the ketchup bottle.
jerry: Hi Nana.
jerry: Yes. (kisses Nana) Yes of course.
jerry: (also grabbing) What're you doing, I got it.
jerry: Will you stop it.
jerry: Uncle Leo! (releasing his grip) Alright! Take it!
jerry: I'm just not getting any hot water.
jerry: Thanks, Julio.
jerry: Huh?
jerry: What's going on here?
jerry: (suspicious) Well, then what're you doing?
jerry: What for?
jerry: (accusingly) You're looking for a picture of me, aren't you?
jerry: I told you, forget it.
jerry: You're robbing me.
jerry: (removing his coat) So? Are you sure Wendy's coming?
jerry: Well, this'll be a very interesting experiment to see if Kramer says something. You sure you wanna go through with this?
jerry: Hello. Oh, hi mom. Yeah, I was at Nana's yesterday. I had to help her open a ketchup bottle. Hey, mom, let me ask you a question. Do you remember when you were a kid, your father winning like a thousand dollars at the track? (listens) Really? Did you know he gave uncle Leo a hundred dollars, and he was supposed to give you fifty? (listens) How do I know? Because Nana doesn't know what year it is, and she thinks this just happened. (listens) Well, I think you should. Okay, bye.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: No no, he'll come in. Well, this is gonna be my first opportunity to not kiss her hello.
jerry: It's the obligation, you know? As soon as this person comes in, you know you have to do this. I mean, if you could, say, touch a breast as part of the kiss hello, then I think I could see the value in it a little better.
jerry: Elaine, now you're being ridiculous.
jerry: (muffled) Hi Wendy.
jerry: (muffled) Would you like something to drink?
jerry: (muffled) There you go.
jerry: Oh, look at that. I'm almost outta Klondike bars.
jerry: So, how's everything going?
jerry: Oh, yeah, he had to take his mother to the chiropodist.
jerry: C'mon, that's not fair!
jerry: No, c'mon Kramer. (crossing to Kramer) Gimme that picture.
jerry: (throws up his hands) Alright, fine. Put my picture up. What do I care?
jerry: Oh my god! Look at that picture, it's terrible...
jerry: ...You can't put that picture up.
jerry: Oh. Hello, uh (looks for and finds the photo) Mary.
jerry: (not really) Yeah.
jerry: Oh, sure, yeah.
jerry: Oh, no!
jerry: You see? That's just what I need. More kissing!
jerry: What is so funny?
jerry: Hello. Oh, hi mom. (listens) What? Oh my... He didn't?! He couldn't! (listens) Alright, I will. (listens) Okay, bye.
jerry: (aghast) Uncle Leo put Nana in a home!
jerry: (suspicious) I don't know. Maybe to keep her quiet.
jerry: (not as eager) Hi Joan.
jerry: Pretty good.
jerry: Okay, great.
jerry: Oh, I'm delighted.
jerry: You too.
jerry: Hi, Louise.
jerry: Ah, well. Thank you very much!
jerry: (agitated) For putting my picture up on that wall! I'm like Richard Dawson down there now. And every person I see engages me in this long, boring, tedious, conversation. I can't even get out of the building!
jerry: Family?
jerry: You think I want another family? My father's demanding my uncle pay interest on fifty dollars he was supposed to give my mother in nineteen-forty-one, and my uncle put my nana in a home to try and shut her up! And I tell you another thing, Cosmo Kramer, whatever you wanna be called. The kissing thing is over. There's no more kissing, and I don't care what the consequences are.
jerry: Yes, it's very strange. Very strange.
jerry: I tell you. If you were hitch-hiking, you'd never get into a car with someone with a hairdo like that.
jerry: You should have her work on it for you.
jerry: Hi Mary.
jerry: Uh, listen. I decided I can't kiss hello anymore. I'm sorry. It's nothing personal....
jerry: ...It just makes me a little uncomfortable and I can't do it. I'm sorry.
jerry: Hi Louise...
jerry: ...I was just telling Mary how I'm not gonna be doing the kiss hello thing anymore. (continues backing away) I'm sorry. I just can't do it. It's nothing personal, it's just I'm not really able to do it and uh, I'm sorry.
jerry: (as the elevator doors close) Thank you for your cooperation.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Hi mom. So, what's happening with uncle Leo? Is he paying you?
jerry: Okay, I will.
jerry: (locking his door) Oh, I gotta go visit my nana in the nursing home.
jerry: Hey, Kramer, look at this.
jerry: Look at my picture!
jerry: I've been defaced!
jerry: Hi Jack.
jerry: Hey, Julio. I was wondering, could you get to that shower today, You think?
jerry: (defensive) No no, that's not true!
jerry: You know, she really doesn't belong here. My uncle put her here, Because he's trying to prove he doesn't owe my mother fifty dollars.
jerry: Buddy?
jerry: So you were with him that day at the track?
jerry: Leo?
jerry: Is that so?
jerry: Well, that's very interesting.
jerry: (standing) Uncle Leo! I just met an old acquaintance of yours. (indicates Buddy) You remember Buddy. He just told me quite a story about you and Grandpa at the track.
jerry: (with a triumphant point) You're busted!
jerry: Hey, Steve. How you doing?
jerry: Hey, Jeff. What's happening?
jerry: Mary! Oh, Mary! Give us a kiss.
jerry: Don't be like that, Mary. C'mon, I made a mistake!
jerry: Oh, Paul, could you hold that door...
jerry: Hey. Could I use your shower?
jerry: (pleading) I got a date. C'mon, please.
jerry: (impressed) Who's that?
jerry: Oh man. Looks like you got quite a few people here.
jerry: (rueful acceptance) Oh, yeah, I understand.
jerry: (indicates with his thumb) Yeah, I'm just going up to see Elaine Benes.
jerry: Oh, she's uh, she's house-sitting for Mr. Pitt.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Can I just go up?
jerry: How 'bout those Knicks?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I am not going back down there. I can't face that guy again.
jerry: The doorman. I don't wanna play anymore of his mindgames. What time does he get off?
jerry: Well, it's almost six now. Can't we just wait til he goes home?
jerry: We'll still make the movie.
jerry: Uh, that doorman's still milling around outside. He's very peculiar.
jerry: (picks up phone) Hello? (listens) Oh, hi Mr. Pitt.
jerry: Alright, he just left. We can go.
jerry: (surprise) You? Wh...what're you doing here? You work at this building too?
jerry: So you work all day as a doorman at one building. Then you come home and stand outside your own building?
jerry: Look, I'm not going in your building. I really don't have to talk to you. Goodbye.
jerry: Yeah, and?
jerry: What d'you mean, breasts?
jerry: So what? A lot of older men have that.
jerry: But, your father's not bald.
jerry: Then I suppose the bosom gene comes from your grandmother.
jerry: Boy, that brain never stops working, does it?
jerry: What? Nothing.
jerry: What has this guy got a personal vendetta with me?! What'd I do to him? 'Cos I asked him about the Knicks?
jerry: No.
jerry: Alright. Can we go to a later show, so he's off his shift when I come by?
jerry: Yes, we do.
jerry: He's... trying to get something off his chest.
jerry: (jumps in surprise) Hoh! What're you doing here? You're supposed to be gone.
jerry: (trying to ease the tension) Look, I don't want any trouble. I don't have a doorman in my building. I guess I'm just not used to talking to them. I'd really just like to be friends.
jerry: I'd like to be.
jerry: What?
jerry: Wha...? Wai... wait a second. What do I do?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: (to the man in the elevator) Hey, hey. Wait a second. Hey! Hello!
jerry: Hey, hey, wait a second. You live here?
jerry: (after the guy) You think you're better than me?
jerry: Oh, right.
jerry: (dismissive) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
jerry: He left me there. You see the mind games?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: He asked me to. We were getting along.
jerry: Don't you find it odd that as soon as he leaves, the couch gets stolen? Maybe he's setting me up!
jerry: Alright, well what if we say...
jerry: I came to pick you up.
jerry: I know. I was just...
jerry: Alright, well. Just, start again, then.
jerry: Right.
jerry: What? I said right.
jerry: But the doorman's gonna say that I was there.
jerry: But I don't know if this is gonna work.
jerry: Okay.
jerry: You're saying I'm responsible for the couch?
jerry: (livid) Diabolical. He thought of everything. He was setting me up from day one!
jerry: I'm sure he's having a good laugh over this with his doorman buddies.
jerry: Now we have to buy a new couch?!
jerry: The one with the Poppie stain?!
jerry: It's hardly been used.
jerry: Poppie!
jerry: What're you doing here?
jerry: Ohh. Hey, how you feeling?
jerry: Hmm.
jerry: No, Poppie! No!!
"jerry: ""Jimmy"""
"jerry: ""I dunno how you could forget . He kept reffering to himself in the third person. ""Jimmy's under the boards. Jimmy's in the open. Jimmy makes the shot."""
"jerry: ""Why. You took a shower?"""
"jerry: ""Aw right."""
"jerry: ""No...Got dental appointment."""
"jerry: ""Yeah!"""
"jerry: ""Oh! How d'you like that?"""
"jerry: ""I think that's eat 24 hours before surgery."""
"jerry: ""All right."""
"jerry: ""The Velvet fog?"""
"jerry: ""What the hell his a velvet fog."""
"jerry: ""Well , where is it?."""
"jerry: ""AMCA?"""
"jerry: ""Naaaaaa...I can't watch a man sing a song."""
"jerry: ""They get all emotional , they sway. It's embarrassing."""
"jerry: ""I don't think so."""
"jerry: (interrupting) ""Elaine , I really don't...............pay much attention to men`s faces."""
"jerry: ""No... I find them repugnant and unappealing."""
"jerry: (pointing Kramer) ""To wit"""
"jerry: ""No ,Elaine and I we're just discussing whether I could admit a man is attractive."""
"jerry: ""Really!"""
"jerry: ""Just one....gotta go back.....Oh but get this. Elaine, you will appreciate this. I'm sitting in Tim Whatley's waiting room...He's got a Penthouse right out on the table."""
"jerry: ""Yeah!!! What is that? I mean isn't that sick. I mean , I'd be embarrassed to have that in my apartment."""
"jerry: (outraged) He's a doctor!.I mean it's supposed to be like a sterile environment."""
"jerry: ""Of course.... But that's got nothing to do with it."""
"jerry: ""What are you doing that for, you got a job"""
"jerry: "" Yeah! What's that."""
"jerry: ""Jimmy's got a record. Jimmy's jumping for dollars. Jimmt and George are gonna get rich."""
"jerry: ""Kom Pau(sp?"""
"jerry: ""Ahh! You too with these?"""
"jerry: ""So what did Tim say?"""
"jerry: ""Looks like he gave you some Novocaine"""
"jerry: ""So what about the Penthouse. Did you ask him?"""
"jerry: ""Adults only?"""
"jerry: ""What the hell's going on over there?"""
"jerry: ""You find you need to use a lot of obscenities at the dentist."
"jerry: ""Hey! Hey! Watch it.!... You're drooling all over the floor. How much Novocaine did that guy give you."""
"jerry: ""Why are you taking this so personally?"""
"jerry: ""What about the Velvet Fog ?"""
"jerry: ""Wait a second ..Where you wearing those shoes in the cab?"""
"jerry: ""Don't you see what's happened, he couldn't talk , he's wearing these shoes, he's drooling."""
"jerry: ""Well...........you know....."""
"jerry: ""Not necessarily because....."""
"jerry: ""Oh! where's Jennifer today?"""
"jerry: ""I don't think so. I think they were getting dressed and not only that; my shirt was out!!!"""
"jerry: ""I think so."""
"jerry: ""You know! Like a tennis shirt."""
"jerry: ""Sometimes I tuck'em sometimes I don't"""
"jerry: ""I think I was tucked.!"""
"jerry: ""I don't know but I was spitting out and rinsing like there was no tomorrow."""
"jerry: ""Is this guy a dentist or Caligula?"""
"jerry: ""I don't think I'm hungry"""
"jerry: "" But I'm damaged goods now."""
"jerry: ""Hey, by the way, did you ever call that guy from the health club.?"""
"jerry: ""Jimmy?"
"jerry: ""That's the guy?"""
"jerry: ""Can't believe your going out with him..."""
"jerry: ""I dunno. He's so strange.'"
"jerry: ""Did you notice he always refer to himself in the third person. Jimmy can dunk. Jimmy's new in town. Jimmy we'll see you later."""
"jerry: ""That's Jimmy. That's the way he talks."""
"jerry: ""Jimmy's gonna put the moves on Elaine.."""
"jerry: ""Why?"""
"jerry: ""I don't know how you can eat that spicy chicken,"""
"jerry: ""What's that?"""
"jerry: ""No no you said George likes spicy chicken."""
"jerry: ""You're turning in to Jimmy."""
"jerry: ""Where's my Mr. Goodbar?"""
jerry: (cuts in) A nude model.
jerry: You know I went out once with a nude model. Never let me see her naked. Hundreds of people see her naked every week, except me. Needless to say it was quite vexing.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: What?
jerry: (spits the nut) OooH!!! You. you ate these? You sucked on these and put them on the plate?
jerry: Soo...
jerry: No ,no I don't, I mean, Don't be silly..
jerry: It's just...
jerry: Oh! man did you see that. I ate discarded food.
jerry: Yeah, but with you it's intentional.
jerry: Yeah, but this is different , this is like ,you know, semi digested food stuff. You know the next stop is the stomach and you can take it from there.
jerry: AH. Yes that's gonna make a big difference.
jerry: Hey ,You think that Shelly's upset that I made such a big deal about the pecan.
jerry: Thanks.
jerry: Ah! boy.
jerry: Yeah! So
jerry: Yeah! It's a doodle.
jerry: Oh!.It's an affectionate caricature.
jerry: It's just a drawing.
jerry: the usual
jerry: Good for you
jerry: Oh! Come on, you told them you're from out-of-town just so you could stay in a hotel room.
jerry: Well be sure to catch a Broadway show while you're in town.
jerry: Oh! There coming to town tomorrow by the way.
jerry: Don't ask.
jerry: No ,it's George ( Elaine laughs heartily)
jerry: You know my parents are coming in and I got some clean up to do , so if you and Potsie are done scheming....
jerry: What's in?
jerry: Aah! .. right. The ones from Oregon that are only ripe for two weeks a year..
jerry: Nah, I don't wanna
jerry: I don't want it..
jerry: I DON'T WANT IT ....
jerry: I am not gonna taste your peach. I ate some one's pecan last night, I'm not gonna eat your peach.
jerry: ..What is this?
jerry: Yeah! I think I got flea bites.
jerry: Look at this, my ankle's all bitten up.
jerry: No.
jerry: How could I have fleas?
jerry: What did you do about them?
jerry: Nothing...
jerry: Mom, Dad.....I have fleas..
jerry: I don't get this. How did this happen. I don't have a dog.
jerry: I don't understand this..
jerry: Nobody can be in here for 48 hours, I got my parents in town.
jerry: Okay..
jerry: I have fleas.
jerry: I don't know...But every one's got to clear out of the apartment for two days. I don't know what I'm gonna do with my parents. they'll never let me pay for a hotel and if they go to someplace on their own I'm sure it's gonna be some awful dump. Wait a second.. Have you checked in The Plaza yet?
jerry: Come on,c'mon
jerry: c'mon ,c'mon....
jerry: c'mon, c'mon....
jerry: Yes!!!
jerry: Yes!!!
jerry: I dunno , I'm gonna ask Shelley ,but she still might be upset from the masticated pecan incident.
jerry: Yeah.. When he's dead he'll be relieved... Oh by the way Viking Press sent a Fedex for you to my parents. They brought it with 'em.
jerry: You see the thing of it is, there's a lot of ugly people out there walking around, but they don't know they're ugly, because nobody actually tells them.
jerry: I dunno...
jerry: That'd be the fleas.
jerry: Hey!!!
jerry: Yeah! it's all taken care of.
jerry: Oh! Hey!
jerry: Yeah! I got it . It's in the apartment, but we can't go in there it's being fumigated.
jerry: You see?
jerry: I told you to take it.
jerry: Well, You can't go in there it's like a gas chamber in there.
jerry: Kramer, they're fumigating. There's toxic gas in there.
jerry: Aw! You'll be fine, you were in there for what , a couple of minutes.
jerry: How do you feel?
jerry: Well wh..wh.what are you doing?
jerry: Didn't you see the sign on the door?
jerry: Can you get me a soda?
jerry: I don't know. Who could've been in my apartment.
jerry: Wait a minute . Did you say chunky wrappers?
jerry: Let me see those. ( smells them) Oh! I know the chunky that left these Chunkies......NEWMAN!!! I've got him.
jerry: Newman . Open the door, Newman, I know you're in there.
jerry: There's nothing pleasant about it, so lets just cut the crap.. You gave me fleas. I know it and you know it..
jerry: Oh! but I do. There's probably fleas crawling all over your little snack bar. ( as he says this Newman is wildly scratching behind his back. he suddenly stops when Jerry turns around)
jerry: You know Newman , the thing about fleas is that they irritate the skin and they start to...itch. Oh! maybe you can hold out five seconds or ten, maybe fifteen or twenty but after a while, no matter how much will power a person may have. It won't matter, because they're crawling , crawling on your skin. Up your legs , up your spine , up your back.....
jerry: Hey, thanks a lot for lettin' me stay here.
jerry: ( embarrassed laugh) ...Oh! Damn..
jerry: I forgot my toothbrush.
jerry: Yours?....You know what I'll think I'll brush later.
jerry: (long pause).......Sure. ( humms a song then stares at the toothbrush)
jerry: Oh! my god. What the hell is this? ..... Don't tell me.......Velvet!!!
jerry: She's seen you in this thing.
jerry: And now the search for the right psychiatrist begins.
jerry: Ahh! She threw me out.
jerry: I wouldn't use her toothbrush.
jerry: Well I guess I'm stuck with the Velvet Fog.
jerry: I hear you're going out with David Putty.
jerry: Well, I think he could've asked me. Supposed to be a friend of mine.
jerry: Elaine, you always care who an ex-girlfriend dates. You don't want it to be someone you know, and you don't want it to be someone better than you. Now, even though the latter is *obviously* impossible.
jerry: The former still applies. I don't know what it is, but I just can't see you with a mechanic.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Yeah, so.
jerry: What move?
jerry: Wait a second. *My* move?
jerry: David Putty used *my* move?
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: I can't believe it. He *stole* my move.
jerry: Oh, it wasn't like that! I didn't even mention you. You know, we were in the garage. You know how garages are. They're conducive to sex talk. It's a high-testosterone area.
jerry: Well, I'm going down to that garage and telling him to stop doing it.
jerry: What?
jerry: No! He stole my move!
jerry: Yeah, but it's like another comedian stealing my material.
jerry: Oh, yeah. The pinch. *I've* done the pinch. That's not new. Besides which, I don't know how you could trust any of his moves now. His whole *repertoire* could be lifted.
jerry: I know, he's probably the only honest mechanic in New York.
jerry: ...so he stole my move and he's using it on Elaine.
jerry: Can I just get it opened first?
jerry: All right, all right. Here. (hands George a piece of the candy bar).
jerry: You feel better?
jerry: Nancy Klopper?
jerry: All right, George. I'm gonna tell you. But I just wanna make sure, before---
jerry: It's not even a question of that. The point is when something like this is passed along, one must be certain that it's going to be used in a *conscientious* way. This is not some parlor trick to be used---
jerry: All right. On your bed. You got a headboard? You'll need a headboard.
jerry: Is it padded?
jerry: Good. How tall is she?
jerry: You can't have more than a one-foot differential in your heights. Otherwise, you could really hurt your neck.
jerry: George, if you could master this, you'll never be alone again.
jerry: Now, the ending is kind of an option. I use the swirl. I like the swirl. I'm comfortable with the swirl. *I* feel the swirl is a great capper. He uses the pinch, which I find a little presumptuous.
jerry: I prefer clockwise, but it's not written in stone.
jerry: What is it?
jerry: When did you do this?
jerry: Oh... Why Fusilli?
jerry: Well, thank you very much.
jerry: Assman?
"jerry: Who would order a license plate that says ""Assman""?"
jerry: It doesn't have to be someone who gets a lot of women. It could be just some guy with a big ass.
jerry: Yeah. Proctologist.
jerry: I'll tell you where I'd like to stick it.
jerry: Hey, David.
jerry: Hey, what's the story? I hear you're doing my move.
jerry: What move? *My* move. The one I told you about. You used it on Elaine.
jerry: The ending is the whole thing. Without the ending, it's nothing. You had *nothing*.
jerry: Swirl.
jerry: Oh, yeah, I know. You do the *pinch*.
jerry: You can't come up with your own stuff , so you *steal* other peoples? You're nothing but a hack.
jerry: Well, I'll tell you what I'll do, you know. If you wanna do it out of town...okay. But not in the city.
jerry: Fine.
jerry: You must have done *something* wrong. You probably screwed up the order. Did you close with the swirl?
jerry: Oh my god. Yes, you close with the swirl. There's a progression there. I told you to write it down.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: C'mon up. (turns to George) You know what? Do me a favor. Don't even do the move anymore. You're gonna give it a bad name.
jerry: Hello? Yeah, this is Jerry Seinfeld. What? Twenty-eight hundred dollars?!! That's the estimate on my car?!! No, don't even do anything. I'm gonna think about it. Okay, bye.
jerry: Except that it's not Putty.
jerry: Eh, we had a little fight about the move. I took her to this other place. I think they might be trying to screw me.
jerry: Hey, Elaine.
jerry: Is it something I said?
jerry: Really?
jerry: What is it?
jerry: Huh.
jerry: Listen. I need you to do me a favor. When's the next time you're gonna see him?
jerry: You gotta get an estimate on my car from him. I think this garage is trying to screw me.
jerry: Well, look. Here's the work order with everything that broke. Just kind of bring it up at the right time and find out. (hands Elaine the work order)
jerry: That's, uh, Fusilli Jerry.
jerry: Yeah. Kramer made it.
jerry: Hey, Assman!
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Sixteen hundred dollars? That's all? *Ooh*, they are ripping me off.
jerry: Well, that's it. I'm going back to Putty. No move is worth this.
jerry: Are you kidding? He can do every move I've ever done! Do you know what a good mechanic is worth? You can't compare that to sex.
jerry: Hi, Mr. Constanza. What's uh...?
jerry: I don't know. Why?
jerry: What do you mean?
jerry: Really, stopping short. That's a good move.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Oh, my god!
jerry: If I wasn't there, I wouldn't have believed it.
jerry: He had to use cork-screw pasta.
jerry: Assman!
jerry: What time does your flight get in? Six? All right, that gives us six hours. Then I'll meet you at the diplomat's club. I'll be the one without the big red sash. Okay, see you tonight. (Hangs up)
jerry: Yep, she's not gonna be back for a month, but I got six hours.
jerry: I do, but it's three o'clock and then I'm flying right back and meeting Bridget at the Diplomat's Club in the airport.
jerry: So that's it? You know I never even met the guy.
jerry: You're marchin' in.
jerry: Hey. Elaine's quitting.
jerry: How 'bout the march out?
jerry: Get a march goin'! March it! (She exits)
jerry: Why?
jerry: What for?
jerry: Isn't putting this guy's picture on your desk a little transparent?
jerry: Yes, I know. I've flown before.
jerry: No.
jerry: I don't care.
jerry: Who?
jerry: I don't care, why are you telling me this?
jerry: Why would I freak out? (To himself) Pilot...
jerry: Hey, all right. Good afternoon Ithaca. Welcome, good to see you here... Boy, I'll tell you, there's an awful lot of those orange cones you have on the throughway... (Sees pilot) on the way... up here... um... I..
jerry: No, it didn't. And you know why? Seeing the pilot in the audience really freaked me out.
jerry: If you hadn't mentioned anything, I would have been fine. I became obsessed with him.
jerry: Oh, it doesn't matter now.
jerry: Yeah, you're on top of it, and I'm on the bottom!
jerry: (To Katie) What is the complication?
jerry: Yes?
jerry: What?
jerry: I didn't care.
jerry: He can't just throw me off the plane!
jerry: But I'm not a disturbance!
jerry: But someone is waiting for me!
jerry: I'm freakin' out! I am freakin' out!
jerry: Which one do you think I want?
jerry: Then we'll make it the eight.
jerry: Hotel?
jerry: No, no, no. I have to get home tonight. Bridget's gonna be waiting for me at the Diplomat's Club. Rent a car.
jerry: I don't have a preference, okay! Just make a decision yourself! Stop bothering me with every minor little detail, please?
jerry: George.
jerry: I'm still here. Listen, you gotta go down to the Diplomat's Club...
jerry: Carl, I think.
jerry: Yeah, he was nice.
jerry: Defent.
jerry: You need an exterminator?
jerry: Oh, don't tell me. 'Cause he's black?
jerry: George, George!
jerry: Hello, this is Jerry Seinfeld. Is Elaine there?
jerry: Elaine, I need you to do me a big favor. I need you to go down to the Diplomat's Club and meet Bridget for me. I'm going to be late.
jerry: Right, I don't want Bridget to think I stood her up. I'll never get another date with her. She'll freak out.
jerry: I am a little freaked out!
jerry: All right, but you have to go now.
jerry: (Wakes up) Where are we?
jerry: Is this even a road?
jerry: What? Why didn't you wake me up?
jerry: No, road is a major detail!
jerry: (Pointing ahead) Look out!
jerry: That's it! No more questions! I don't care!
jerry: Bridget!
jerry: Oh, I'm so sorry. I got stuck out of town. I missed our whole time together.
jerry: Really? (They start to make out, Jerry sees the pilot on the plane) Oh my God, that's him! That's the pilot!
jerry: What are you telling him for?
jerry: He's the busboy, you think he cares about the soup?
"jerry: Elaine, it's all this guy can do to keep from killing himself. You think he's back there, talking to the chef, going, ""Hey, they like the soup! Keep it up!""?"
jerry: Yep, Alec Berg. He's got a good 'John Houseman' name. Alec Beeerg. Mr. Beeerg.
jerry: John Houseman?
jerry: Hi, Alec.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, hey did I see you on TV at the Ranger game? Were those your seats right behind the glass?
jerry: Oh, I'd love to, are you sure?
jerry: Gee thanks! Thanks a lot!
jerry: Alright, thanks again.
jerry: Really, thank you.
jerry: Well what about these nitwits that get on a plane with nothing to read? You know who these people are?
jerry: These are the people that want to talk to you. They got nothing else to do, why not disturb you?
jerry: They're the worst.
jerry: Well, what is with you?
jerry: Yeah, he's dating a crayon.
jerry: Toilet paper?
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: Toilet paper's changed.
jerry: It's softer.
jerry: More sheets per roll
jerry: Comes in a wide variety of colors.
jerry: What?
jerry: Well, that's a big move, Georgie boy. Are you confident in the 'I love you' return?
jerry: Cause if you don't get that return, that's a pretty big matzoh ball hanging out there.
jerry: Well, so it wasn't a total loss.
jerry: Hey, I forgot to tell you! I got tickets to the Rangers-Devils playoff game tonight!
jerry: What about you, George?
jerry: Well, what do I do with the extra ticket?
jerry: Sure, fine with me.
"jerry: ""I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat."""
jerry: Big matzoh ball.
jerry: Those damn 'I love you' returns.
jerry: Oh, you don't know.
jerry: Unless you're married.
jerry: No, people hate that.
jerry: Ideally.
jerry: No question about it.
jerry: At the zoo?
jerry: Kramer, you threw a banana peel at a monkey?
jerry: It's a monkey, Kramer!
jerry: Well, I still think it's wrong.
jerry: I'm not taking anyone's side.
jerry: No.
jerry: What do I gotta call him for? I thanked him five times when he gave them to me, how many time I gotta thank him?
jerry: No, I don't believe in it. I'm taking a stand against all this over thanking.
jerry: Hey, if I knew I had to give him eight million 'thank you's, I wouldn't have taken the tickets in the first place.
jerry: Ah, you're out of your mind.
jerry: I gotta get a suit cleaned, I have a funeral on Friday.
jerry: Remember the guy who pretended he had cancer so O would buy him the toupee?
jerry: No, car accident. He was trying to adjust his toupee while he was driving and he lost control of the car.
jerry: The one Puddy screamed at in the car?
jerry: Well, that's what you get for getting mixed up with a face painter.
jerry: Gotta support the team.
jerry: Hm.
jerry: Hm.
jerry: Hm.
jerry: (noticing Alec Berg walk in, whispers) Hey, Alec!
jerry: Did you see that? What kind of a 'hello' was that?
jerry: I mean, do you think it's possible that he's mad at me because he didn't get the day-after 'thank you'?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, yeah, that's kinda what he gave me.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Well?
jerry: Well, I don't think that's gonna happen.
jerry: What?
jerry: Are you gonna say it again?
jerry: What? After what you just went through, I thought you said you'd never say it again.
jerry: He's gonna talk into her other ear.
jerry: Yeah, I saw him.
jerry: Well, not exactly.
jerry: I don't know if he's mad.
jerry: Well, I didn't really get a good 'hello', but see, I was at a funeral.
jerry: See, so I don't know if I got a funeral 'hello' or he was mad because he didn't get his day-after 'thank you'.
jerry: Look, what do you want me to do?
jerry: No. No, I can't!
jerry: Look, we got five hours before the game. I am betting it was a funeral 'hello'. He knows we're here, he knows the number, he knows we want to go. There's plenty of time for him to call and give us the tickets.
jerry: Hello? Oh, hi mom. No, listen, I was expecting somebody else. I'm sorry, I can't talk now, I gotta keep the line clear, I'll call you later. Yes, I know I have call waiting but I don't trust it in an emergency. Good bye.
jerry: No.
jerry: Alright! (picks up the phone and dials) Hello, Alec? Hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld. You know, you got a great 'John Houseman' name. Alec Berg. Did you hand in your assignment, Mr. Berg?
jerry: Well, Alec, the reason I called is I just wanted to thank you for the tickets from the other night.
jerry: Oh, you already gave them away?
jerry: No, we don't care, we just want to go.
"jerry: (To himself) Now what am I supposed to do here? Shall I go over there? It's not like somebody died. It's ""Beaches"" for god's sake. If she was sitting next to me I'd put my arm around her. I can't be making a big move like going all the way over there. I can't. I won't."
"jerry: She calls me this morning and tells me she's upset I didn't console her. I mean it was ""Beaches"" for god's sake. What, what do you do in a situation like that?"
jerry: I was sitting on the chair. She was over here on the couch.
jerry: Of course.
jerry: yeah,
"jerry: The Improv is playing ""Rochelle Rochelle"" The musical."
jerry: She might be. She's the star of the show.
jerry: Yeah, maybe.
jerry: That's the understudy. I'm dating her.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I'm glad she's an understudy. I don't have to avoid going back stage and having to think of something to say.
jerry: Just once I would like to tell someone they stink. You know what? I doidn't like the show. I didn't like you. It just really stunk. The whole thingreal bad. Stinkaroo. Thanks for the tickets though.
jerry: How would you know? You don't speak Korean.
jerry: Why don't you go to another nail shop?
jerry: What you need is a translator to go in the shop with you and tell you what they're saying.
jerry: You know who speaks Korean?
jerry: George's father.
jerry: He used to go there a lot on business.
jerry: He sold religious articles the statues of Jesus, the virgin Mary, that were manufactured in Korea.
jerry: George, does your father speak Korean?
jerry: Oh, hi Gennice.
jerry: This is George, this is Kramer.
jerry: Playing today?
jerry: They really stick to that understudy rule.
jerry: It's okayit's just a hot dog, (still sobbing) everything is going to be okay.
jerry: Come on George, just loosen up.
jerry: Come on George.
jerry: (to George) Keep going.
jerry: Well we
jerry: (with no emotion) It's okay. Everything is going to be all right.
jerry: Come back another time.
jerry: I don't know why I have to go to the hospital. I didn't do anything to Bette Midler. Driver can you stop over here, we're picking somebody up.
jerry: Hey, I'm being heckled on stage. People are yelling out Galloogy.
jerry: Stop your crying will ya?
jerry: Hey, I had nothing to do with it.
jerry: We just want to talk to her. We want to apologize and tell her the whole thing was an accident.
jerry: What?
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Oh,, that's nice. Alright, I'll see you later.
jerry: Where?
jerry: (pushing her) How did you get that?
jerry: You met J. Peterman?
jerry: What is he like?
jerry: (walking away) Yeah, I'll see ya'.
jerry: Well, break a leg tonight.
jerry: Listen buddy,
jerry: What is it?
jerry: Oh, I'm so sorry.
jerry: So you don't cry when your grandmother dies? But a hotdog makes you lose control?
jerry: Good luck.
jerry: And you broke up with her 'cuz she beat you at chess? That's pretty sick.
jerry: Yeah, what else?
jerry: Happy, Pappy? What does that mean?
"jerry: Oh, you're ""Pappy""."
jerry: Oh, I get it. Why don't you just say it?
"jerry: Hey, I got a real thing about ""shushing""!"
jerry: Ahh.
jerry: What is this? What are we doing? What in god's name are we doing?
jerry: OUR LIVES!! . What kind of lives are these? We're like children. We're not men.
jerry: We come up with all these stupid reasons to break up with these women.
jerry: Are we going to be sitting here when we're sixty like two idiots?
jerry: We're pathetic you know that?
jerry: Why can't I be normal?
jerry: It would be nice to care about someone.
jerry: Hmm. I thought she became a lesbian.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Hmm.
jerry: See, there you go again. What is the difference what I think?
jerry: Well, this is it. I'm really gonna do something about my life, you know? You know, I think I'm gonna call Melanie again. So what if she shushed me. GEORGE, I am really gonna make some changes.
jerry: I'm serious about it.
jerry: I'm not kidding.
jerry: Melanie, you can shush me at every opportunity. 5? 3? Oh, it was just an expression. All right, well, that's very sweet of you. Okay, I'll call you later. All right, bye. Hey!
jerry: I had a very interesting lunch with GEORGE Costanza today.
jerry: We were talking about our lives and we both kind of realized we're kids. We're not men.
jerry: Yes. We did.
jerry: There isn't?
jerry: Well...
jerry: Really?
jerry: I can?
jerry: What?
jerry: Boy.
jerry: I'm glad we had this talk.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: You're going to rub out the dog?
jerry: What, you're considering this?
jerry: How come you're eating your peas one at a time?
jerry: Hey!
jerry: What are you up to?
jerry: What's the rope for?
jerry: The dog. You're getting the dog.
jerry: Did what?
jerry: You're getting married?
jerry: Oh, my god!
jerry: I'm blown away.
jerry: Wow!
"jerry: And she said ""Yes""?"
jerry: You're gonna have gorgeous kids.
jerry: Pinkish hue?
jerry: Well...actually, we kind of broke up.
jerry: Well, you know, we were having dinner the other night, and she's got this strangest habit. She eats her peas one at a time. You've never seen anything like it. It takes her an hour to finish them. I mean, we've had dinner other times. I've seen her eat Corn Niblets. But she scooped them.
jerry: Yes. That's what was so vexing.
jerry: What?
jerry: You stuck your hand out, so I shook it. I don't know about a pact. Anyway, you should be happy you're engaged. You're getting married.
jerry: You thought I was gonna get married?
jerry: I mean, you love Susan, right?
jerry: You want to spend the rest of your life with her
jerry: So?
jerry: No. So, we're still on to see uh, Firestorm tonight?
jerry: I'll pick you up at your apartment. We'll go to the Eight.
jerry: Hey, wait a second. Wait a second. ! Celebrate! How about some champagne?
jerry: Yes, come on! How often do you get engaged? Come on!
jerry: You know what? No champagne. Anyway. . . I'll see you later.
jerry: Ready?
jerry: Oh, how come?
jerry: Well, she could come.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Oh, The Muted Heart. Glen Close. Sally Field. Well, that should be good.
jerry: Hey, wait a second. You know, we could share a cab. They're playing at the same Cineplex.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: How about when Harrison Ford jumped out of that plane, and he was shooting back at them as he was falling?
jerry: Oh, man!
jerry: Hey, ??? is rerunning the Yankee game. You watching this?
jerry: What was that?
jerry: Oh, Mattingly just singled .
jerry: I didn't make a deal. I just shook your hand.
jerry: We come from the same place.
jerry: Very strange.
jerry: So, tell me anyway. Who was the BIG mastermind?
jerry: All right. But then I can't tell you the BIG news.
jerry: Sorry!
jerry: All right, Elaine but this is beyond news. This is like Pearl Harbor. Or the Kennedy assassination. It's like not even news. It's total shock.
jerry: George Costanza...
jerry: Is getting married!
jerry: Newman.
jerry: Really? What happened?
jerry: Isn't he the one with the show on cable?
jerry: That's great.
jerry: That looks pretty good.
jerry: Hey, say, you know, we haven't even discussed George's engagement yet.
jerry: Come on! GEORGE is getting married!
jerry: Yeah, he seems pretty happy.
jerry: What's the matter?
jerry: Well, you don't seem too enthused about the whole thing.
jerry: Well, at least have some reaction to it.
jerry: Maybe you're a little jealous.
jerry: No! But maybe you wish it was you who was getting married, not him.
jerry: Oh, yeah. Right.
jerry: Lainy!
jerry: You don't wanna get married?
jerry: Oh, come on!
jerry: You're such...
jerry: Hey.
jerry: We're gonna change the system.
jerry: Hey!
jerry: Have I ever been less than forthright?
jerry: Yeah, I probably have. Yeah, of course I have. What am I talking about?
jerry: Extend the doors on the toilet stalls at Yankee Stadium to the floor ...door comes down. Hides your feet. Yes. I like it. I like it a lot.
jerry: I think it's fantastic. I think it's a fantastic idea.
jerry: Yes, I do.
jerry: Hmm.
jerry: See, now that I don't care for.
jerry: It should resolve of its own volition.
jerry: Momentum - same thing.
jerry: Yeah, I know.
jerry: You're turning.
jerry: If you need more time, you should have more time.
jerry: Sure you can. Why not?
jerry: I don't see why not.
jerry: Sure, go ahead.
jerry: Spring. Of course.
jerry: Beautiful.
jerry: No, she's not.
jerry: Well, she's a woman. They don't like to be disappointed.
jerry: Yeah, you'd better shoot for March.
jerry: Oh, all the way.
jerry: Is that so?
jerry: Hey, Kramer if I killed somebody would you turn me in?
jerry: You're kidding?
jerry: You would turn me in?
jerry: I can't believe your a friend of mine.
jerry: Well, I am sure I had a good reason.
jerry: But you know me!
jerry: So you're nothing but a stoolie. Admit it.
jerry: Another Caf Latte?
jerry: Hey, baby. I set the trends. Who do you think started this whole Caf Latte?
jerry: I don't recall you drinking Caf Latte.
jerry: Hey, Planet 9 From Outer Space is playing tomorrow night. One show only.
jerry: You know I was supposed to see this five years ago. I was in a Chinese restaurant with George and Elaine and got all screwed up trying to get a table and I missed it.
jerry: Look at this Jerry, dropping paper on the ground. That's littering.
jerry: Maybe you better call the cops and turn me in.
jerry: Let me take a guess. She cried and you caved.
jerry: I live and breath my friend. . . . I live and breath.
jerry: tes, it's very difficult. Few men have the constitution for it. That's why breakups take two or three tries. You gotta build up your immunity.
jerry: Well, at least you probably had some, uh, pretty good make-up sex after.
jerry: You didn't have make-up sex? How could you not have make-up sex? I mean that's the best feature of the heavy relationship.
jerry: In your situation the only sex you're going to have better than make-up sex is if you're dent to prison and you have a conjugal visit.
jerry: . . . Poor bastard.
jerry: Good evening, Rabbi.
jerry: Well, Rabbi, well.
jerry: Yeah, that's right.
jerry: What do you mean?
jerry: No.
jerry: is that so?
jerry: Really?
jerry: I didn't know any of this.
jerry: Hum, well it all comes as news to me.
jerry: You iknow I talked to the rabbi outside.
jerry: Understand you had a little talk with him too.
jerry: Yes I know, I know.
jerry: Nothing, nothing.
jerry: Yes he did.
jerry: We had quite a little chat.
jerry: Yes, about how you're very jealous of George. How you wished it was you who were getting married instead of him.
jerry: It didn't take much prodding either, I must say.
jerry: He did it.
jerry: That's what's so fascinating.
jerry: You better finish your little caf latte there. They won't let you in with it.
jerry: Because they don't allow outside drinks into the movie.
jerry: That's the rule.
jerry: Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me
jerry: Elaine, if I could say a word here about Jewish people. That man in no way represents our ability to take in a nice piece of juicy gossip and keep it to ourselves.
jerry: No, . . . about how you wish it was YOU who was getting married instead of him? Feelings of resentment, hostility?
jerry: Yeah, she's something else. Hey, so what happened? Did you hold your ground or...uh
jerry: What?
jerry: You cried?
jerry: Sorry about that movie-thing. I was joking around.
jerry: Suing? What for?
jerry: It's supposed to be hot.
jerry: Why would anyone eat canned fruit? I mean can anybody answer that?
jerry: I can see the can if you're in the army, but fresh fruit it's available, it's there, it's 2 aisles over.
jerry: Where you going?
jerry: Discount?
jerry: So ah, what did you do last night?
jerry: I know nothing, but what did you actually do?
jerry: Wow. That really is nothing.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What are you all dressed up for?
jerry: Oh yeah, how's that looking?
jerry: Frankly I'm surprised you're so litigious.
jerry: Hi Bob.
jerry: (Apologetically) Oh, I'm sorry. Maestro.
jerry: I hear it's ah beautiful there.
jerry: (Surprised) Huh?
jerry: This is a, Bob Cobb.
jerry: Oh what, because I didn't call him Maestro?
jerry: Ya know I feel a little funny calling somebody Maestro.
jerry: Because it's a stupid thing to be called.
jerry: Oh conductor. He conducts the Policeman's Benevolent Association Orchestra.
jerry: Well he sure worked pretty fast with Elaine.
jerry: New shirt?
jerry: No, not particularly.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, it's burning my retina. Susan picked that out for you right?
jerry: (Reaches for a menu) All right what's it going to be here.
jerry: No.
jerry: Are you sensing anything right now?
jerry: Well, what about criminal activity? He's got to be alert.
jerry: Maybe they offered him a chair and he turned it down.
jerry: I know you will.
jerry: His lawyer.
jerry: What?
jerry: Why are they settling?
jerry: All this because you spilled coffee on yourself?
jerry: What do you mean?
jerry: So?
jerry: I thought they wanted to settle.
jerry: Then you're in a lot of trouble.
jerry: Did you have a good time?
jerry: (Sarcastically) Yeah, everyone knows that, it was in Amadeus.
"jerry: So what about the ""Maestro"" stuff. Did he make you call him Maestro."
jerry: You didn't mind?
"jerry: O.K. from now on I want you to call me ""Jerry the Great""."
jerry: Why not you call him Maestro.
jerry: Well, I'm great.
jerry: What about his house in Tuscany, he mention that?
jerry: You know when I told him it was beautiful there, out of the clear blue sky he says there's nothing to rent. As if he doesn't want anyone else there.
jerry: I don't know. Maybe he's embarrassed by Americans.
jerry: In all of Tuscany? I wonder.
jerry: Hey you know we were just talking about you.
jerry: Yeah, ya know the other day how you mentioned that there were no houses available in Tuscany?
jerry: No. I'm not really looking.
jerry: So are you telling me there's not one house to rent in all of Tuscany?
jerry: I can't get a sublet, a guest room, a cot, nothing?
jerry: How'd you get yours?
jerry: Maybe I'll check out France.
jerry: Hey George, do you believe this guy?
jerry: Bob Cobb.
jerry: You know, the Maestro.
jerry: Yeah, get this, he tells me there are no houses any where in Tuscany to rent.
jerry: No.
jerry: I just wish I could figure out if this guy is trying to keep me out of Tuscany.
jerry: I have no idea.
jerry: Oh, no way it's that big.
jerry: Do you know how big North Dakota is stupid?
jerry: Hey, no one's got a gun to your head.
jerry: Yeah and?
jerry: So are you gonna get him a chair?
jerry: Yeah, that would give him some height, be able to check things out. With a back or without.
jerry: Swivel?
jerry: I thinks it's kind of a pompous look. You know my parents used to have a kitchen chair that would have been perfect.
jerry: Yes.
jerry: How can I figure out if there's any places to rent in Tuscany? Wait a minute. Poppy's from Tuscany. I'm gonna go call him.
jerry: Poppy told me to talk to his cousin, he lives down in Little Italy.
jerry: Hey hey hey, slow down Eddie. What what's the matter?
jerry: That's it?
jerry: You've got to stop it. Your your all hopped up on the caffein.
jerry: You're racing!
jerry: Ah, excuse me, I'm looking for a Mr. Giggio.
jerry: Poppy sent me to see you Mr. Giggio.
jerry: Um, did he did he mention to you why I called?
jerry: Yeah, right, right. So is there anything there to rent?
jerry: I didn't actually want to rent it.
jerry: So see um, I didn't say that I wanted to rent it, I was just wondering if there were houses there to rent.
jerry: You didn't have to push me.
jerry: 75,000 lira.
jerry: Kramer you don't under the conversion rate.
jerry: You know I don't even know why I brought you.
jerry: Not bad!
jerry: I don't know. Blind date?
jerry: Yeah, but I've seen pictures of her.
jerry: I think I'd rather go out on a deaf date than a blind date. The question is whether you'd rather date the blind or the deaf.
jerry: You know, I think, I would rather date the deaf.
jerry: Because I think the blind would probably be a little messier around the house. And lets face it they're not going to get all the crumbs. I'd possibly be walking around with a sponge.
jerry: Veggie sandwich and a grapefruit.
jerry: A healthy person.
jerry: Oh, sorry
jerry: I still can't believe, you're going out on a blind date.
jerry: You're going by sound? What are we? Whales?
jerry: Elaine, what percentage of people would you say are good looking?
jerry: Twenty-five percent, you say? No way! It's like 4 to 6 percent. It's a twenty to one shot.
jerry: Way off? Have you been to the motor vehicle bureau? It's like a leper colony down there.
jerry: UNDATEABLE!
jerry: Alcohol.
jerry: Pulp couldn't make it across the table.
jerry: Hey, I eat healthy. If I have to take out an eye, that's the breaks.
jerry: Hi,
jerry: Well, I'm not really that much of a meat eater.
jerry: Well, no, I'm not one of those.
jerry: Grandma Memma?
jerry: No, I think I would have remembered Memma.
jerry: What do you recommend besides the steak?
jerry: Anything lighter? How do you prepare the chicken?
jerry: You know what? I think I'll just have the salad.
jerry: (mind's voice) Just a salad? Just a salad? Just a salad?
jerry: Maybe his dogs heard about how you tried to kidnap that other dog. These muts like to gossip. So have you talked too Holly?
jerry: Did she mention anything about our lunch?
"jerry: What do you mean, ""kind of.""?"
jerry: What are you saying? . . . Salad! What was I thinking? Women don't respect salad eaters.
jerry: But you're going over there for dinner tonight, right?
jerry: What is she making?
jerry: Oh, don't worry. I'll be there and I'll be packing an artery.
jerry: Um, mutton! Hope you didn't cut the fat off.
jerry: Hey, salad's got nothin' on this mutton.
jerry: I wish I could take credit for it. It's actually the line my butcher uses when we're chewing the fat. How about that beautiful desk over there? (hides meat in napkin in jacket)
jerry: This is some FINE mutton.
jerry: Uh, well, uh the thing is that . . . (Jerry grabs jacket back)
jerry: What?
jerry: I don't know about that. Have you got any floss?
jerry: Elaine, what are you doing in this neighborhood?
jerry: Yeah, they're in the kitchen. . . . okay, quite! What's going on?
jerry: Why were dogs chasing you?
jerry: I would askk you to stay tonight but I only have the sofa bed and it's where I sleep.
jerry: Head to toe?
jerry: I'm sorry I didn't get any sleep you kept kicking me in the face.
jerry: I'll make them later. Uh.
jerry: It sounds like all the winking got you a promotion.
jerry: Because they were in the pockets of my jacket.
jerry: Yes. I was using them to spit out the mutton.
jerry: I don't know and I didn't want to find out. So where is my jacket?
jerry: You spent the night at James's? Did we?
jerry: Reversed positions?
jerry: So what your genitals are still lined up.
jerry: Yeah. Come on up.
jerry: Hey. What's all this?
jerry: I thought we were going out.
jerry: Franco?
jerry: I bet he acted aloof like he didn't know me.
jerry: That is so Franco.
jerry: I usually like mine with an angioplasty.
jerry: What everyone does here. - Cooking pork chops.
jerry: We could argue all night over who took the napkins. The point is in today's modern world it just doesn't seem relevant.
jerry: Hey, what happened to my jacket?
jerry: Uh, sometimes I use the sofa.
"jerry: (to Elaine) I can't believe you write for this J.Peterman catalog. (to George) Get this one ""I packed my rod and reel. 30 hours later, lost in the fiord, a welcoming smile. Thank god she spotted the epaulettes on my Norwegian ice-fishing vest""."
jerry: I thought that new promotion was supposed to be a lot more work.
jerry: How do you pull that off?
jerry: Yeah, he looks busy! Yeah!
jerry: So did you come up with a little stupid story for the Himalayan walking shoe yet?
jerry: What marathon runner?
jerry: Oh, wait! Jean-Paul, Jean-Paul! Isn't he the guy who overslept at the Olympics 4 years ago and missed the marathon?!
jerry: He's from uh...Trinidad and Tobago, right?
jerry: How do you oversleep at the Olympics...?
jerry: I mean, it's like the biggest event of your life! You'd think you'd have, like, 6 alarm clocks, payin'-off little kids in the village to come banging on your door...
jerry: Ah...that's a big responsability on your hands.
jerry: You gotta wake him up!
jerry: I've seen her in your building.
jerry: I didn't know she was married.
jerry: Whom I gonna tell?
jerry: He overslept and missed the whole race. Isn't that amazing?
jerry: My money's on the snooze. I bet he hit the snooze for an extra 5 and it never came back on. (Kramer enters with a bucket and starts filling it with water on the sink) Imagine your whole life riding on an alarm clock.
jerry: What do you do?
jerry: Always works?
jerry: Hot tub?
jerry: Isn't that the same temperature the coffee that scalded you?
jerry: I don't ask those kind of questions anymore.
jerry: Ah, hi Jean-Paul. Nice to meet you.
jerry: Sorry about the Olympics.
jerry: Ah...catalog writer's block?
jerry: (pause) So what happened? The snooze alarm, wasn't it?
jerry: AM/PM.
jerry: Ah...the volume.
jerry: Ah, separate knob.
jerry: Some people like to have the radio alarm a little louder than the radio.
jerry: Don't worry, it's not gonna happen again. Not if I have anything to say about it.
jerry: Elaine, what's the alarm clock situation in your house?
jerry: It's a simple question...
jerry: That old one? Didn't I once miss a flight to Cleveland because of that alarm clock?
jerry: Elaine...
jerry: You're 40 minutes late. What happened?
jerry: No.
jerry: Well, you said you were gonna be here at a certain time, and you weren't.
jerry: Well, means that a man has come from very far away to compete in a very difficult race, he's put his faith in you, and frankly, I'm a little concerned!
jerry: Yes I am.
jerry: Yeah, I know that!
jerry: I'm not talking about upside down. (Jean-Paul and Kramer come in) I'm talking about waking him up!
jerry: Hey, Jean-Paul. How was your soak? Was a good soak?
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Yeah. I hope so ?!
jerry: Kramer, I'm tellin' you, Elaine doesn't know whatta hell she's doin'! I gotta take over this whole operation!
jerry: I'm not taking a soak in that human bacteria frat you got goin' there.
jerry: Jean-Paul, I asked you down here this morning because I'm concerned. Concerned that tomorrow is perhaps the biggest race of your entire career. And the person with whom you have chosen to stay... is uh...
"jerry: I'm saying ""get the hell outta there""! Let me put you in a hotel. You'll be comfortable, you'll be near the starting line, and most importantly... you'll have a wake-up call, Jean-Paul! A wake-up call!"
jerry: These people never fail. They sit in a room with a big clock all night long, just waitin' to make that call! (George comes in)
jerry: Hey, how was the meeting?
jerry: Sons of bitches?
jerry: How many sweaters you got on?
jerry: Your core temperature?
jerry: Oh whatta hell is goin'on?!
jerry: Turn up the heat in your apartment! (opens a window)
jerry: Hello?...yeah, I can be there in 10 minutes...you can count on me! (hangs up)
jerry: I got the call...!
jerry: (stops walking) Jean-Paul! (George acts like he scored)
jerry: Pretty lucky to find this hotel, Jean-Paul.
jerry: All right. (picks up the alarm clock) Let's check out the clock. Notch good... 650... volume check. (music playing, he starts swinging) What kinda music you wanna wake up to? Top 40, classical...
jerry: How about adult contemporary?
jerry: All right...we're going with adult contempo... (puts alarm away, gets phone) now... the failsafe. The wake-up guy... (dials)
jerry: Yeah, this is room 419, I'd like a wake-up call for 650 AM tomorrow morning.
jerry: That's room 419. 650 AM. Four...one...niner...
jerry: I know, but it's a very important wake-up call... and I don't wanna take any chances.
jerry: Well, I just...don't wanna get into a whole thing with you here...
jerry: ...Yeah I am, but I just...(man hangs-up)
jerry: humm...
jerry: I think I offended the wake-up guy...! (worried)
jerry: (gets up) No, no, I did. I think he's got it in for me!
jerry: What if he doesn't call now out of spite?
jerry: (pause) Not comfortable... (gets up again)
jerry: Feel much better here at my home base, Jean-Paul. It's a controlled environment.
jerry: Hey, believe me, if I'd been with you there in Barcelona...you'd be polishing that medal right now. (covers Jean-Paul with a blanket)
jerry: That wake-up guy was trouble! All right, I'll be right back. (goes knocking on Kramer's)
jerry: (shouting) Man that thing is noisy!
jerry: Yeah, listen, do me a favor. Set your mental alarm for 630 and gimme a call.
jerry: He's put his faith in you. He's put his faith in you.
jerry: Frankly, I'm a little concerned.
jerry: 402? (Checks his wristwatch) Aaa-aaahhh! Eight forty seven Jean-Paul! Wake up! Wake uuuuup!
jerry: Come on, just put your clothes on! You'll get dressed in the car!
jerry: Kramer, what happened to the building?! The electricity went out!
jerry: What happened to your mental alarm?!
jerry: Make way! I've got-I've got a runner here! Get outta the way! Make way! Make way! Make way, it's a contender! (an event guard stops them)
jerry: All right, go, it's a race! Come on!
jerry: I'm tellin'you, I never told anyone about that baby. I never even went near your building!
jerry: Maybe you should check with the rabbi.
jerry: Come on, let's go Jean-Paul!
jerry: Which one you wanna go to shmoopy?
jerry: You're a shmoopy!
jerry: You're a shmoopy!
jerry: Uh,..we'll go to 3rd Avenue. So, can you come with us for lunch to the soup place?
jerry: All right, then. I'll see you later.
jerry: Bye shmoopy.
jerry: No. We gotta go to the soup place.
jerry: He's always raving. I finally got a chance to go there the other day, and I tell you this, you will be stunned.
jerry: You can't eat this soup standing up, your knees buckle.
jerry: There's only one caveat -- the guy who runs the place is a little temperamental, especially about the ordering procedure. He's secretly referred to as the Soup Nazi.
jerry: He yells and you don't get your soup.
jerry: Just follow the ordering procedure and you will be fine.
jerry: All right. As you walk in the place move immediately to your right.
jerry: The main thing is to keep the line moving.
jerry: Right. It's very important not to embellish on your order. No extraneous comments. No questions. No compliments.
jerry: Elaine.
jerry: Ar-moire.
jerry: He gave you the nice face discount.
jerry: What about the soup?
jerry: [in French accent] Pardon.
jerry: It's like this all the time.
jerry: Oh, no. It is. Just be still.
jerry: Hard to believe.
jerry: Shhhhh! All right, Bania, I - I'm not letting you cut in line.
jerry: Because if he catches us, we'll never be able to get soup again.
jerry: Medium crab bisque.
jerry: Just forget it. Let it go.
jerry: Oh, man. Ohh! This is fantastic. How does he do it?
jerry: I gave you a taste. What do you want?
jerry: I told you not to say anything. You can't go in there, brazenly flaunt the rules and then think I'm gonna share with you!
jerry: I'm sorry. This is what comes from living under a Nazi regime.
jerry: Hi shmoopy.
jerry: You're a shmoopy!
jerry: Hey, listen, so we'll meet you and Susan at the movie tonight?
jerry: Why?
jerry: Just like that?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Wha -- what are you doing?
jerry: Well, sit on one of your couch cushions.
jerry: What are you gonna get?
jerry: You better decide, sister. You're on deck. Sheila!
jerry: Uh-oh.
jerry: Do I know you?
jerry: It was a bisque.
jerry: Really?
jerry: Have you tastes the soup?
jerry: See, the way I figure it, it's much easier to patch things up with Sheila than with the Soup Nazi.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Oh, thanks.
jerry: So, did these thieves want any money?
jerry: They just wanted the armoire?
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Hey, have you noticed George is acting a little strange lately?
jerry: I don't know. A lot of attitude, like he's better than me, or something.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Absolutely not.
jerry: Aw, we didn't go. Sheila and I are kind of on the outs.
jerry: Yeah. Wha - wha - what are you, happy?
jerry: I don't know, but you look like you're happy.
jerry: You can't fool me. Don't insult me, George because I know when you're happy.
jerry: Is that so?
jerry: Disgusting?
jerry: Well, I guess I have all the more reason to get back with her.
jerry: What?
jerry: You're still with the pact?
jerry: All I did was shake your hand.
jerry: It was stupid of me.
jerry: No. I know. I - I was really sort of half-kidding.
"jerry: What about that Bavarian cream pie joke I told you? There's no truth to that. Nobody with a terminal illness goes from the United States to Europe for a piece of Bavarian cream pie and then when they get there and they don't have it he says "" Aw, I'll just have some coffee."" There's no truth to that."
jerry: So, am I forgiven, shmoopy?
jerry: Aw!
jerry: Oh, hi Susan, George. You remember Sheila.
jerry: Yeah. That's right. You got a problem?
jerry: Well, we're changing the rules.
jerry: What about you, shmoopy? How 'bout a little tuna? You want a little tuna fishy?
jerry: Yum yum little tuna fishy?
jerry: I'm heading over to Elaine's.
jerry: Those two?
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: Well, let's confront 'em.
jerry: There's no cops around. They're gonna leave. Come on.
jerry: Let's go.
"jerry: I don't know. "" 5 cups chopped Porcine mushrooms, half a cup of olive oil, 3 pounds of celery, chopped parsley..."""
jerry: Wait a second, Elaine. Where do you think you're going?
jerry: Elaine, I don't want you causing any trouble down at that soup stand. I happen to love that soup.
jerry: Elaine, let the man make his soup!
jerry: Well. Well.
jerry: Hey, Susan, George.
jerry: Oh, really?
jerry: Because we're kind of not seeing each other anymore.
jerry: Yeah. Well, she was very affectionate - which I love. You know I love that - but mentally, we couldn't quite make the connection.
jerry: Yeah. Too bad, 'cause you gotta have the affection - which you obviously have. I think it's great that you're so open with your affections in public. See, we had that.
jerry: Oh, yeah. But the mental thing. But anyway. I'll see ya.
jerry: What is it?
jerry: Wha - wha - what's the matter?
jerry: Well, where are you going?
jerry: So why didn't you tell her the code?
jerry: George, you're gonna marry this woman. Most likely.
jerry: So you're taking relationship advice from Chemical Bank now?
jerry: Actually, that's the definition of selfish.
jerry: No one's ever asked. You want it? It's 'Jor-El.'
jerry: Of course. C'mon Georgie, you wanna tell me. It's eating you up inside. Sing it, sister.
jerry: What if my life depended on it?
jerry: My foot fell asleep.
jerry: I crossed my legs, I forgot to alternate.
jerry: Hey Fred.
jerry: My foot fell asleep.
jerry: Fred, do you know Elaine?
jerry: Seeya.
jerry: So?
jerry: And he didn't remember you?
jerry: Where are you going, you just got here?
jerry: Hey that sounds great, I'd love to do some TV commercials, that should really be fun.
jerry: Uh huh, okay, alright, bye. Huh, how do you like that? I'm gonna do some TV spots for Leapin' Larry's Appliance Store. That was Leapin' Larry himself, I'm gonna meet with him tomorrow.
jerry: What is that?
jerry: Yeah, those civil servants who risk their lives really got it made.
jerry: You're lucky they let you drive a car.
jerry: (waving his arm in dismissal) Eh.
jerry: Really? I'm surprised, he doesn't meet that many women.
jerry: Well, what's to be said? He didn't remember you.
jerry: I know.
jerry: Yeah, I know.
jerry: Yeah, you wrote a good piece on the Himalayan Walking Shoe.
jerry: Why would I wanna do that?
jerry: Yeah, sounds like fun.
jerry: Howbout this, come one down to Leapin' Parry's if you can beat our prices, we'll give you the store.
jerry: No I don't.
jerry: (to himself) My foot's asleep again!
jerry: You know what? I'll be with you in a minute.
jerry: Larry, wait, you don't understand!
jerry: I didn't do it on purpose, my foot fell asleep.
jerry: Ya know, the guy has one leg and he still calls himself Leapin' Larry, you'd think he had a sense of humor about it.
jerry: Yup.
jerry: Wow, the whole building burned down.
jerry: Of course.
jerry: The amazing thing is you never have any place to go.
jerry: We're gonna meet Elaine and Peterman at the Chinese place.
jerry: Of course not, if I did would you have gone?
jerry: There you go.
jerry: Trust me, you're off.
jerry: ...Alright, you're locked up in a prison in Turkey, I have your wallet. The only way I can bribe the guards to get you out is for you to give me your ATM code.
jerry: They're closed.
jerry: Bomb threat.
jerry: Midnight Express, my friend.
jerry: Yes, hi, Mr. Peterman. This is, uh, George Costanza.
jerry: Well, is Elaine here?
jerry: Without Elaine? What for?
jerry: We gotta get out of here. Come on; weave your web, liar man.
jerry: George, what's the matter with you?
jerry: Actually, you know I just remembered I promised this comedy club that I'd do a set tonight, so, terribly sorry.
jerry: I can't believe you blew us off; we were doing you the favor.
jerry: Fred?
jerry: You see what's going on here? You're attracted to him because he can't remember anything about you.
jerry: That's God's plan. He doesn't really want anyone to get together.
jerry: Well, when I heard you weren't coming I made up and excuse and got the hell out of there.
jerry: Nah, he didn't make it.
jerry: I did not bail out on you.
jerry: Why didn't you come up with your own?
jerry: Ah, c'mon. Maybe you're just in a slump?
jerry: Oh, come on, just tell me your code already. What is it?
jerry: Fire station?
jerry: Nah, I gotta go down to Leapin' Larry's.
jerry: Yeah, we straightened it out, all is forgiven.
jerry: No I didn't.
jerry: Anyway, thanks for having me back, and sorry about the misunderstanding.
jerry: Oh sure.
jerry: Uh, again? (Limping towards the door) I'll be right there.
jerry: Beats me.
jerry: Kramer?
jerry: Ah, that's a shame.
jerry: Oh my god. Look at this.
jerry: It's the new J. Peterman catalog. Look.
jerry: Well, what do you mean?
jerry: Well I think that's pretty obvious.
jerry: Hey Elaine.
jerry: Who, who, who do you think would win in a fight between me and ah, gorgeous George here. (pointing up and down at George)
jerry: Mona a Baldo .
jerry: Why?
jerry: Really? What would you do?
jerry: Hmm.
jerry: Im sorry.
jerry: Ah, how about 830?
jerry: You want to get something to eat first?
jerry: Hey, why don't cha ask Susan?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Why?
jerry: How come?
jerry: Kramer this is Ramon, from the new health club I joined.
jerry: No what?
jerry: Really?
jerry: Ahh.
jerry: OK, see you later.
jerry: Yeah. (Kramer sits in the seat next to Jerry) Uh, uh, oh, oh, Over there. (points to the next seat over)
jerry: Little buffer zone.
jerry: Thank you. If we were in my apartment and we were watching a movie on the couch, would we sit right next to each other?
jerry: All right.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: Oh hey, there's Ramon. Pre, pretend we're talking.
jerry: Pretend it's interesting.
jerry: That's shocking, but sounds ...
jerry: Oh, hey Ramon.
jerry: Oh, no thanks. (turns back to Kramer)
jerry: No.
jerry: And then the worst part is, after the movie, he leached on to us ... We wound up having coffee with him for like two hours. Then he walks us home, all the way back to the front of the building. Finally I said, look Ramon, I gotta go to bed now.
jerry: No why?
jerry: Oh yeah, I know.
jerry: Well it was my idea.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: She was looking for someone to go to the show with.
jerry: World's collide. (points at George)
jerry: Because this world is your sanctuary and if that world comes into contact with --
jerry: I didnt know. Kramer told me about the worlds.
jerry: Yeah, I guess I slipped up.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What is it?
jerry: 555-3455.
jerry: (picks up the phone on the coffee table) 555-3455. Well wait a second, don't you see that's 555-FILK.
jerry: Filks nothing, but 555-FILM is Movie Phone.
jerry: Yes, so people are just dialing it by mistake and getting you.
jerry: You're Filk.
jerry: Oh, well, I didnt actually go with Ramon. I just bumped into him there. (putting on coat)
jerry: All right, I gotta go.
jerry: What else did you two do?
jerry: Ah, so, ah, flower shows and, shopping for pretty bows, and then back to her place, strip down to bra and panties for a tickle fight?
jerry: Yes, I do. (very serious)
jerry: Hey you know George isn't to happy, ahh, about your new friendship.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: You're looking up movies for people now?
jerry: (shaking his head no) No Kramer I don't want to talk to him.
jerry: Oh that's George. (presses the intercom button) Yeah?
jerry: What?
jerry: (to Ramon) Oh. Okay. (to Elaine) Wh, what is he doing here?
jerry: He's the pool guy.
jerry: Do me a favor. Just stick around while he's here.
jerry: Well, the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices, because you don't have to be home on time.
jerry: Hey. So, ah, Ramon this is my friend Elaine.
jerry: So, ah, what are you doing around here Ramon?
jerry: Ah, actually, I ka, kinda had some things to do.
jerry: Ah, just, you know, I don't know. Stuff, I gotta do. (grabs coat and throws it over his shoulder)
jerry: All right.
jerry: All right Ramon, Im going to get going.
jerry: I think we should separate here actually.
jerry: Look Ramon, you're, you're a nice guy. But I, I actually only have three friends. I really can't handle any more.
jerry: That has nothing to do with it.
jerry: I, I love that George.
jerry: So you want to catch a movie later?
jerry: I don't have a paper though.
jerry: Ramon, what are you doing here? You could get in trouble.
jerry: What?
jerry: Look Ramon, about the other day. Im sorry if I offended you. I get a little crabby on the subway.
jerry: What happened to all the towels?
jerry: It's been a terrible situation down there the past couple of days. He's really been making things uncomfortable for me. There's always a big pile of dirty towels in front of my locker ...
jerry: And then when I come out of the pool, my towel's always gone.
jerry: Tell me about it.
jerry: You're meeting Susan for lunch at the coffee shop?
jerry: Im meeting George for lunch at the coffee shop.
jerry: Ah, you know. Im supposed to meet, eh, someone -- Ill, Ill wait for them outside. (walks towards the door)
jerry: This is gonna to be ugly. (quietly)
jerry: (coughing) I said, boy am I ugly.
jerry: We'll pull up another chair.
jerry: I see you there Ramon.
jerry: Hey, lll just keep swimming. Hey, hey. Im not done. I know what you're up to Ramon. Because Im a member here, this is my place to swim.
jerry: Hey, you better cut it out Ramon. Just stop it.
jerry: (NO!)
jerry: I think he's gonna need, mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well? Go ahead.
jerry: You knocked him out.
jerry: Come on Newman. Do it.
jerry: He might die.
jerry: So eventually these people came and, somebody, gave him mouth-to-mouth.
jerry: Yeah, it was a gamble.
jerry: Ah. (makes face)
jerry: Oh I can't. They revoked my membership. Newman too. You know, we can't go anywhere near there.
jerry: I can't figure out what's going on here. I can't follow the plot. Why did they kill that guy? I thought he was with them?
jerry: What is he doing in the Chunnel?
jerry: Whad you think Susan?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yep. Since college. (Looks at Kramer's AIDS walk list.) Hey, Lena Small's on this list.
jerry: Yeah, that girl I was gonna call for a date, she was unlisted...and now here's her number.
jerry: That's why I should date a giving person. If I date a taking person, everyone's taking, taking, taking, no one's giving - it's bedlam.
jerry: Oh, I'll tell her I met some guy who knew her and he gave it to me.
jerry: I really didn't pay much attention, I'd just come from buying a speedboat.
jerry: See, we're already off the subject of how I got her number. (Elaine laughs.) All I gotta do is get past the first phone call and I'm home free.
jerry: So if Billy had gotten your number off the AIDS walk list, you wouldn't have gone out with him?
jerry: Yeah. So you really like this guy.
jerry: How's the...sexual chemistry?
jerry: Hello, Lena? Hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld. How did I get your number? I met a guy that knows you, he gave it to me...I don't remember his name. Think it began with a W, maybe a Q. I wasn't paying that much attention, I'd just come from shopping for a speedboat...
jerry: Hey. What's the matter?
jerry: What about?
jerry: I got a date with that girl, Lena.
jerry: I actually met her a few weeks ago, but... (Jerry stops, and mentally visualizes George telling Susan about how Jerry got Lena's number from the AIDS list...then Susan passing the information along to Monica on the phone at work.)
jerry: What?
jerry: I dunno. (Elaine enters.) Hey.
jerry: So what are you gonna do?
jerry: What are you all out of breath from?
jerry: And you got the AIDS walk tomorrow. You're never gonna make it, you're in horrible shape.
jerry: I got a 31 waist, mister!
jerry: Hey, I have found the best-smelling detergent. Lena, smell my shirt.
jerry: It's All-Tempa-Cheer.
jerry: They serve soup at 6 a.m.?
"jerry: Do the bums ever complain? ""Soup again?"""
jerry: How could you not?
jerry: Is it a lot of cream soups?
jerry: Why'd you have to mention 'unlisted number'?
jerry: Alright, I gotta tell you something, but you cannot tell Susan.
jerry: Kramer, what the hell is going on in there?
jerry: Are you out of your mind? You got the AIDS walk tomorrow!
jerry: You're never gonna make it!
jerry: How'd you find out?
jerry: George!
jerry: Nothing. Listen, I'm sorry, I just -
jerry: You don't mind that I got your number off the AIDS walk list?
jerry: You went all night?
jerry: Kramer, are you out of your mind? You got the AIDS walk in like, three hours! You're never gonna make it!
jerry: So, George, guess what? Lena found out how I got her number.
jerry: A friend of a friend of Susan's.
jerry: Why'd you tell her?!
jerry: Well you know what this means, don't you?
jerry: You're cut off, you're out of the loop!
jerry: You leave me no choice! You're the media now as far as I'm concerned!
jerry: If you were in the mafia, would you tell her every time you killed someone?
jerry: I don't know, George.
jerry: You know what? That was the amazing thing.
jerry: No, she said it was fine. There's something very strange about this girl.
jerry: She's too good.
jerry: I mean, she's giving and caring and genuinely concerned about the welfare of others - I can't be with someone like that!
jerry: I mean, I admire the hell out of her. You can't have sex with someone you admire.
jerry: No depravity! I mean, I look at her, I can't imagine she even has sex.
jerry: I thought you said it was imminent.
jerry: Sponge-worthy?
jerry: But you like this guy, isn't that what the sponges are for?
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Oh, the shut-ins, that's nice. You know, they're a very eccentric group. Because they're shut in. Of course, they're not locked in, they're free to go at anytime.
jerry: Hey, that's dynamite. You know, Lena, I wanted to talk to you about something...you know, because you're such a good person -
jerry: Oh, o.k. (Goes to the closet for the towel and finds dozens of boxes of Today sponges.)
jerry: What? Nothing.
jerry: Oh...
jerry: Tell you something...I do.
jerry: Oh, uh...you see these jeans I'm wearing?
jerry: I change the 32 waist on the label to a 31 on all my jeans. So, you know. That's it. (Lena is puzzled.)
jerry: It completely turned her off.
jerry: I don't wanna be a 32.
jerry: She said I wasn't sponge-worthy. Wouldn't waste a sponge on me!
jerry: It's probably so the woman has one last chance to change her mind.
jerry: Oh, I told him he'd never make it. He was up all night! Oh my god...Kramer?
jerry: Look at you. I told you. Up all night playing poker. Come on. (Jerry and George are about to leave. George turn's back and looks at Kramer.)
jerry: Who?
jerry: Ruthie Cohen?
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Maybe that's why she's happy.
jerry: What is this?
jerry: That stinky old movie-house?
jerry: Geoffrey who?
jerry: I thought he screwed up the Dinkins campaign.
jerry: Oh, then I'm not worried.
jerry: Lloyd.
jerry: (peering) That's an interesting package.
jerry: (chewing) Mmm, different. Where'd you get it?
jerry: Nah, don't bother.
jerry: I don't want it.
jerry: Alright.
jerry: I think I finally figured out what the flavor is in this gum. It's a little lo-mein-y. (he spits it into the waste bin)
jerry: It's Chinese gum, Lloyd Braun gave me.
jerry: You know, I remember when we parted company, I was babbling incoherently for months.
jerry: And in the end Lloyd Braun became more like you.
jerry: Aren't you coming with us to Spartacus?
jerry: I thought your parents were outta town?
jerry: Oh, can Lloyd really do that?
jerry: We're all the way in the front row. Why couldn't we sit in the special seats?
jerry: Nah, you don't wanna be uncomfortable.
jerry: I don't know what I was thinking.
jerry: (noncommittal) Errh.
jerry: (taking them) Well, what's this for?
jerry: So what?
jerry: Aw, c'mon Kramer, this is ridiculous. I'm not gonna put these on.
jerry: Ah, Lloyd.
jerry: (unenthusiastic) Oh, the gum.
jerry: (still not happy) Uh, alright. (he takes a piece)
jerry: Well, Lloyd's a very industrious fellow. I'm sure he can accomplish anything he sets his mind to.
jerry: 's not necessary.
jerry: I know that, Kramer.
jerry: Yes I do, Kramer.
jerry: I didn't see anything.
jerry: So you say she was on a horse?
jerry: Well, here's what I propose. Go down to the stables, snoop around. See if any high-flying cashier's been throwing twenty dollar bills around with big lips.
jerry: Well, if it isn't Chesty La Rue.
jerry: I was chewing gum with Lloyd Braun, and he was bragging about the peepshow you gave him at the Alex.
jerry: Maybe it's in the lost and found.
jerry: You know, the way you were wolfing down that popcorn, maybe you ate it.
jerry: Alright, I'm here. Where's Braun?
jerry: Look, I'll go downtown to Chinatown with him, but that is it!
jerry: Why?
jerry: Aw, these are really strong glasses.
jerry: (lacking enthusiasm) Yeah, yeah.
jerry: Absolutely. Let's just stick around.
jerry: Lloyd?
jerry: Lloyd?
jerry: Alright.
jerry: (handing it over) Here.
jerry: (indistinct) Got all this?
jerry: (incredulous) I gave you a hundred dollars?!
jerry: It's a lotta gum!
jerry: Maybe he'll write a song about you.
jerry: So I take it he's spongeworthy?
jerry: Well, he's a musician. I guess they're supposed to be very, you know, uninhibited and free.
jerry: Oh, no?
jerry: Come on. Come on.
jerry: Elaine, you're among friends.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Yes, it is. It is surprising. Does that bother you?
jerry: Sure. Why not? You're there.
jerry: But you said he was just coming out of a very serious relationship. Maybe he's, you know, still....kind of...he...not gonna happen.
jerry: What stuff?
jerry: All right. What are you, outta your mind? Look at this. What did you buy here? You will never be able to finish all this stuff.
jerry: A four-pound can of black olives? That's a staple?
jerry: A forty-eight pack of Eggo waffles? A gallon of barbecue sauce? Ten pounds of cocktail meatballs?
jerry: Look...look at this can of tuna!
jerry: This isn't for a person. This is for Biosphere 3.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: John Germaine? That is amazing. I was just talking about him upstairs with Elaine.
jerry: Oh, yeah. My friend Elaine and him are goin' out. They're pretty hot and heavy.
jerry: Hey, you'll never guess who I bumped into. This guy Clyde. He's in your friend John Germaine's band there.
jerry: Nothing. I told him you two were pretty hot and heavy.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh
jerry: Well, Clyde might not tell him.
jerry: I should have helped Kramer with those packages.
jerry: He stole back the rye?
jerry: Why?
jerry: So, do the Ross's know?
jerry: Why wouldn't they be? A rye bread doesn't just disappear.
jerry: Bad situation.
jerry: What do you mean replace it?
jerry: Well, there ya go. What's so hard about that?
jerry: All right. All right. Don't panic. Let's just think about it. Get the Ross's out of the apartment. That can't be so hard. Wait a minute. Wait a second. Wait a second! You know, Kramer's been driving that hansom cab.
jerry: Well, Kramer'll take them around for a while.
jerry: Are you kidding? People love it. There's something about the clip clop, clip clop. They're nuts for it.
jerry: What about Susan?
jerry: Beautiful!
jerry: What the hell are you doing there?
jerry: No. No thanks.
jerry: Just put it under your shirt.
jerry: I'll tell ya what, I'll bring it over. I'll stop by Schnitzer's, I'll come by five after seven right after they leave.
jerry: So, you think Clyde told him?
jerry: Well, maybe it's a good thing.
jerry: No, but I've read articles and I must say it, doesn't sound very pleasant.
jerry: No. I'm gonna be just fine, but as far as your situation, you're seeing him tonight so talk to him about it.
jerry: Wait a second, that's your last marble rye?
jerry: There's none left?
jerry: Uh, excuse me. I know this is gonna sound crazy but I - I have to have that rye. It's a - it's a long story, but a person's whole future may depend on it.
jerry: Yes. Well, be that as it may, if you could just find it in yourself to give it up.
jerry: All right. All right. I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do, I will give you double what you paid for it.
jerry: All right. Look, I'll tell ya what, I'll give you $50. Now, be reasonable you cannot turn down $50 for a $6 rye.
jerry: Give me that rye!
jerry: I want that rye, lady!
jerry: Shut up, you old bag!
jerry: How much did you give him?
jerry: Yeah. Hey, what do you want me to do with this?
jerry: Really?
jerry: Will you get this horse outta here. He's killing me. I can't get any oxygen.
jerry: (grunting as he throws bread into the air)
jerry: Wait a second! I never baited a hook with a rye before. Your hook is too small. This is for, like, a muffin. All right. Take it away.
jerry: How did you lock your keys in the car?
jerry: So why don't you get a locksmith?
jerry: How long has your car been sitting in the Yankee parking lot?
jerry: Y- you're not playin' golf?
jerry: Really, you're getting that good?
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Yeah, we'll see ya.
jerry: That's a hell of an organization they're running up there. I can't understand why they haven't won a pennant in 15 years.
jerry: Locking your keys in your car is the best career move you ever made.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Yeah, what happened?
jerry: Sue Ellen Mishke?
jerry: Sounds familiar.
jerry: Oh, yeah, you mentioned her.
jerry: That is just shameless, I don't know, There's no--
jerry: It's wrong, it's rude, and it's incorrect.
jerry: We're only kidding!
jerry: What are you going to get her?
jerry: There's nothing subtle about that.
jerry: Have I ever bought you a jock strap as a gift?
jerry: What the hell are you doing here, aren't you supposed to be at work?!?
jerry: So, you're just taking off from work?
jerry: Do you think this is such a good idea, with you being on the verge of this big promotion?
jerry: What's goin' on?
jerry: Yeah, so?
jerry: You know last time you had me throwin' a rye bread up three floors to you, now you want me to go up to the Bronx, take flyers off your car, where does it end?!?
jerry: Alright, alright, I'll do it!!
jerry: Hey, what are ya up to?
jerry: You wanna go with me up to (clap) the Bronx and see if there's any flyers on George's car.
jerry: I guess I coulda said just about anything there, couldn't I? (throws coat over his right shoulder)
jerry: Oh, man, look at this mess! You know what's gonna happen if they see this?
jerry: What are we gonna do?
jerry: Well, we gotta get it washed (pulls off a few flyers)....Ah, the keys are locked inside!
jerry: What are ya gonna do?
jerry: Yeah, this quite a life I lead here, huh?
jerry: Oh my God, Kramer, is that woman just wearing a bra?
jerry: Kramer!!! (Jerry points to the lamp post they are about to crash into)
jerry: I guess I have to bring his car back up to the stadium, if it can make it.
jerry: He was starin' at some woman!
jerry: There was this beautiful woman walking down the street wearing *just* a bra. I can't get that image out of my mind.
jerry: What?
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Sue Ellen Mishke?
jerry: No, I don't.
jerry: Is there, something I can help you with?
jerry: Well, you can wait for him in here if you like.
jerry: No, no, not at all.
jerry: I'm Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: I don't know
jerry: so the woman was walking around in a bra
jerry: I mean it's no big deal. You're still drivin'. You should have been watching the road.
jerry: I don't think my attitude has changed.
jerry: (quietly, yet in a high and whiney tone) Well, I don't know if I....
jerry: Kramer I don't think I can--
jerry: Well, I'm just not sure how I feel about it, Kramer.
jerry: Nothing's happened.
jerry: Oh, no, no, no, wait a second, wait a second th-th-that--
jerry: Kramer, it is not what you think.
jerry: And what about yooou?!? Tryin' to bilk an innocent bystander out of a family fortune, built on sweat and toil, manufacturing quality O'Henry candy bars, for honest, hard-working Americans!
jerry: You're just out for money!!
jerry: Where have you been?!?
jerry: I just got the most bizarre message from you father, Steinbrenner is at you house, they think you're dead!
jerry: Yeah, and we had an accident with your car, it's a, its a little crumpled.
jerry: Yeah, yeah, I didn't know what to do so I put it back at the stadium. Oh, wait a second, wait a second, they saw the car, they saw the blood, they couldn't find ya, that's why Steinbrenner thinks you're dead!
jerry: Well you gotta call your parents.
jerry: Aren't you gonna tell your parents you're still alive?
jerry: I don't know. Maybe.
jerry: ....Alright, alright, I saw her!
jerry: And she was beautiful in that bra! I'm crazy about her! I love her whole free swinging, free wheeling attitude!
jerry: Boy, I miss the days they made toys that could kill a kid.
jerry: (admiring Christie) Yeah, I'm right there with ya.
jerry: (tearing himself away from Christie) Huh?
jerry: Oh yeah, be great for your paper route.
jerry: You know, the only way to really help her is to just let her be.
jerry: You're really going to town with that turkey there.
jerry: It's on the door.
jerry: Hey, hey. Wha... wait... what, you're gonna leave it there? That's like half a pound of turkey!
jerry: (sarcasm) Yeah, you're right. I really should keep more of your favourites on hand.
jerry: What arrangement?
jerry: (sarcasm) Yeah, well, lemme know when you get something in there and I will.
jerry: Hey. What's with your neck?
jerry: Well, if it's any consolation, I did get her number.
jerry: Aw, I doubt you strained it. Maybe you pulled it.
jerry: Did you twist it? You coulda twisted it.
jerry: Did you wrench it? Did you jam it? Maybe you squeezed it. Turned it...
jerry: Awright.
jerry: What's even more amazing is his formal training is in pediatrics.
jerry: I dunno. (realising) Oh, 'cos you said you'd give the bike to anyone who fixes your neck.
jerry: Oh yeah.
jerry: Well, that's the most he's worked in the last four months.
jerry: Seven? Yeah, I guess I could see it. Seven. Seven periods of school, seven beatings a day. Roughly seven stitches a beating, and eventually seven years to life. Yeah, you're doing that child quite a service.
jerry: Awright, let's see. How about Mug? (picks up the mug) Mug Costanza, that's original. (he turns and sees another item) Or uh, Ketchup? Pretty name for a girl.
jerry: I got fifty right here in the cupboard. How about Bisquik? Pimento. Gherkin. Sauce. Maxwell House.
jerry: Oh, I forgot to call Christie.
jerry: Yeah, she had this great black and white dress, with a scoop neck. She looked like some kinda superhero.
jerry: (smug) I'm not engaged.
jerry: Got what?
jerry: Oh, it's no problem. You can take whatever you want.
jerry: Sort of a mooching inventory.
jerry: Alright.
jerry: Kramer, I don't know if you're getting that bike.
jerry: Well this is it. The food is atrocious, but the busboys are the best in the city.
jerry: The exact same outfit.
jerry: Three.
jerry: Possibly, but then shouldn't the outfit only reappear again at the end of the cycle?
jerry: Why? It's our first date, she's already in reruns?
jerry: Indeed.
jerry: Well, if she splits the atom, I'll let it slide.
jerry: Hey, did Susan change her mind about the name?
jerry: You know, George, just because your life is destroyed, don't destroy someone else's.
jerry: How about 'Mickey'?
jerry: (holding up a can) Hey, is this your half a can of soda in the fridge?
jerry: What?
jerry: You cannot buy half a can of soda.
jerry: Well, I don't wanna get into the whole physics of carbonation with you here, but you know the sound a can makes when you open it?
jerry: That is the sound of you buying a whole can. And the same goes for this, okay...
jerry: ...When you pierce the skin of a piece of fruit, you've bought the whole fruit. Not a third of an apple, not a half of a banana...
jerry: ...You bite it, you bought it.
jerry: Thank you.
jerry: Hey
jerry: Haven't seen him. How's the neck?
jerry: Boy, I'm surprised. (sarcasm) I would think Kramer would have a knack for moving pieces of a person's spine around.
jerry: You saw her? What was she wearing?
jerry: Didn't you get a glimpse? An impression?
jerry: Both times I've seen her she's worn the same dress.
jerry: Well, I'm flattered that you would both appeal to my wisdom, but unfortunately, my friendship to each of you precludes my getting involved. What you need is an impartial mediator.
jerry: Course, it would have to be someone who hasn't heard the story before. Someone who is unencumbered by any emotional attachment. Someone whose heart is so dark, it cannot be swayed by pity, compassion, or human emotion of any kind.
jerry: No, I'm just a little uh, worn out.
jerry: Oh, I'm sure you do.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Change? (thoughtful) Yes, I think that's a super idea.
jerry: (looking around) Ah, so this is the Fortress of Solitude.
jerry: Yes, change. By all means, change.
jerry: What're you doing? I thought you were changing.
jerry: No, no. C'mon, put something else on. It's early, let's go out.
jerry: You know, I'm kinda tired myself. Maybe I'll just sleep here on The couch. Then in the morning, you'll get dressed, we'll walk out together. Both dressed, different clothes. Well, I'll be in the same clothes. You'll of course be in different clothes, because it's your apartment. But we'll go downstairs, me in my same clothes, you in your different clothes.
jerry: You wanna throw something on and walk me to a cab?
jerry: (pleading) Tell me what you're wearing tomorrow. I'll help you lay it out on the bed.
jerry: Hello, Christie? I was wondering if we could get together again? (listens) Oh really? Well you can't break up with me over the phone. C'mon, you gotta do this in person. It doesn't even have to be one on one, you can bring a group of friends. I just wanna see you. Wait, don't hang up on me. (hurriedly) Why d'you wear the same dress all the time? Hello.
jerry: Alright, hobo Joe. I didn't wanna put a damper on your little Smorgasbord here, but it's the end of the week, so I added up your tab.
jerry: I know. Pretty steep.
jerry: Few do.
jerry: Yeah, well, until this bill is paid...
jerry: ...the food court is closed.
jerry: Oh, I'm back, baby.
jerry: Great. One of the best jobs I ever had.
jerry: I killed.
jerry: (taking off his jacket) Slaughtered. Wiped the floor with 'em and (hanging up jacket) not only that, the money was unbelievable.
jerry: Yeah. Highest paying job I ever had.
jerry: (reluctant) Nah, nah. I'd rather...
jerry: Nah. It's not good for friends to talk about money, it can affect the friendship.
jerry: And I'm always impressed.
jerry: Awright, fine. You wanna see it?
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Here, check that out.
jerry: I told you.
jerry: (taking back the check) Oh yeah.
jerry: What?
jerry: I never shoulda told you.
jerry: No, I can't feel anything.
jerry: Actually, I was thinking of donating a large portion of it to charity.
jerry: (deadpan) No.
jerry: No, to tell you the truth, I was thinking of buying my father a new car.
jerry: Maybe a Cadillac.
jerry: Yeah. (thinking) That would really blow his mind. He's always wanted one, his whole life, he's never been able to afford it. (decisive) I'm gonna do it.
jerry: Oh, isn't that what it's all about?
jerry: I want this baby fully loaded. (listens) Well, how soon can you get it there? (listens) Oh, that's terrific. (listens) Okay, thanks, bye.
jerry: Hey, guess what. I just bought my father a Cadillac
jerry: Yeah, I'm a very good boy. I'm flying down there and surprising him.
jerry: (joyless) Yeah, yes.
jerry: The actress?
jerry: Oh yeah.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Marisa Tomei?
jerry: How does she know Marisa Tomei?
jerry: You didn't ask how she knows Marisa Tomei?
jerry: Alright.
jerry: Go ahead. Seems like a reasonable question, is all I'm saying. I would've asked her.
jerry: What d'you mean, could've?
jerry: Ohh!
jerry: Really?
jerry: You know, she won an academy award?
jerry: Now there's a match. You and Katherine Hepburn.
jerry: Katherine Hepburn? Oh yeah.
jerry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
jerry: You like full lips.
jerry: Mmm-mmm. Too bad you're engaged.
jerry: (about the pie) This is no good.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: No.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: (about the cable guy) Nice people.
jerry: Well, what about Susan?
jerry: Would you tell Susan about it?
jerry: Well, if you can't tell Susan about it, then there's something wrong.
jerry: Hey, cable guy's looking for you.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well, said he was waiting about two hours. Seemed a little put out.
jerry: You don't seem too bothered by it.
jerry: Boy, I've never seen you like this.
jerry: And, best of all, it's a Cadillac.
jerry: Ahh, I uh, I don't like to talk about it.
jerry: Ah, it's just money.
jerry: Oh, I don't know, play it by ear. Why?
jerry: Are you okay?
jerry: What was that?
jerry: I notice you threw 'stocky' in there.
jerry: Uhm, hold, hold on a second. (pauses counting) I'm, I'm sorry, I didn't hear what you said.
jerry: Oh, right.
jerry: No, don't be silly, I've arranged a car.
jerry: Maybe I'll let you pick me up.
jerry: Surprise!
jerry: I'm a good son.
jerry: Just like that.
jerry: You wanna know? Come on outside.
jerry: C'mon, c'mon.
jerry: Well, what d'you think?
jerry: I bought it for you. It's yours.
jerry: I bought you a Cadillac. (hands over the keys) Here you go.
jerry: What?
jerry: How d'you know?
jerry: Why can't I buy my father a car?
jerry: (under his breath) Well, this worked out just as I had hoped.
jerry: That's what I was thinking.
jerry: Hiya, Jack.
jerry: That's right. I bought it.
jerry: He doesn't wanna take a ride.
jerry: Aahh!
jerry: Didn't you tell 'em I got the bill of sale? That proves I paid for it.
jerry: You know, you could put a fence around these condos, and call it an insane asylum. Nobody would know the difference!
jerry: Oh, hi Evelyn.
jerry: Who's she?
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Elaine? Wh..what's going on?
jerry: (a little confused) You wanna hang out here, at phase two of the Pines of Mar Gables?
jerry: Gee, I dunno what to tell you.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Uh, I don't think so.
jerry: I'll be back on Monday.
jerry: Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Alright, I'll see you.
jerry: (putting the phone back to his ear) Yeah.
jerry: Bye.
jerry: Gimme that rye!)
jerry: Shut up, you old bag!
jerry: Nice to meet you.
jerry: Yeah, there's some sickos out there.
jerry: You ever go to Camp Tiyoga?
jerry: (opening the door) Well, it was nice meeting you.
jerry: Ah, I think I'll go.
jerry: (confused) Dinner? W..What time is it?
jerry: (bewildered) Four-thirty? Who eats dinner at four-thirty?
jerry: I don't understand why we have to eat now.
jerry: Can't we eat at a decent hour? I'll treat, okay?
jerry: (emphatic) I'm not force-feeding myself a steak at four-thirty to save a coupla bucks, I'll tell you that!
jerry: Jack.
jerry: Hi Doris.
jerry: Awright, let's eat already.
jerry: Shut up, you old bag!
jerry: The bags are in the car, I guess we better go.
jerry: Hey George, you coming to the Tonight Show on Thursday?
jerry: Yeah, sure. My parents will be there.
jerry: Yeah, they're in town this week, you wanna go?
jerry: No.
jerry: No, he's doing mine next. They're low flow you know.
jerry: Well, they were humiliated. I mean after the impeachment, my father left office in disgrace.
jerry: Well, this is the problem. They're moving into this new development. Here's the pamphlet. Del Boca Vista. But they're not quite ready to go back so they're in seclusion here for a while at Uncle Leo's.
jerry: No, Leo's not there. He's got a girlfriend, Lydia. In fact, he moved in with her.
jerry: Yeah, I know. It devalues the whole thing.
jerry: (answering phone) Hello?
jerry: You gotta be there at 430.
jerry: Yeah, well they tape it in the afternoon and then they air it at 1130.
jerry: 30 years.
jerry: All right, I'll see you later.
jerry: Yeah, it is.
jerry: No economic reason for them to be here.
jerry: No social reason for them to be here.
jerry: I don't know, maybe get an ice tray?
jerry: You know Dad just called me.
jerry: Yeah, all right, well I got some people here.
jerry: All right, bye. (to Elaine) You see this? Any thought pops into their head they're calling me because it's a local call now.
jerry: I'm used to a 1200 mile buffer zone. I can't handle this. Plus I got the dinners, I got the pop ins. They pop in! It's brutal!
jerry: The only way out of this is if Leo breaks up with his girlfriend and has to move back into the apartment and then they would have to go back to Florida.
jerry: (to himself) Once a week? (to Uncle Leo) So how's Lydia?
jerry: I don't know how you do it.
jerry: A man like you, limiting yourself to one woman, I don't know. But it's none of my business.
jerry: Well...
jerry: Hey, it happens.
jerry: He has no idea who you are.
"jerry: All right. Anyway, the point I was making before Goerbbles made your hamburger is a man like you could be dating women twenty years younger. C'mon Uncle Leo, I've seen the way women look at you. When's the last time you looked in a mirror? You're an Adonis! You've got beautiful features, lovely skin, you're in the prime of your life here, you should be swinging. If I were you I'd tell this Lydia character, ""It's been real,"" move back into that bachelor pad and put out a sign; Open for business."
jerry: Well, keep looking.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Me either.
jerry: You? What about me? I got the Tonight Show tonight. I'm gonna have to shower in the dressing room.
jerry: Where are you going?
jerry: There's more food down the hall.
jerry: Oh, hi.
jerry: Actually, I'm drunk.
jerry: I know this doesn't seem like work to any of you, if you could perhaps conduct your psychopath convention down the hall, I could just get a little personal space.
jerry: Yeah, I got some family backstage. Course my family's nuts; they're crazy. Yep. My uncle Leo, (quick take of Uncle Leo in bet with Lydia, watching Jerry on TV. Lydia is laughing, Leo is not) I had lunch with him the other day, he's one of these guys that anything goes wrong in life, he blames it on anti-Semitism. You know what I mean, the spaghetti's not al dente? Cook's an anti-Semite. Loses a bet on a horse. Secretariat? Anti-Semitic. Doesn't get a good seat at the temple. Rabbi? Anti-Semite.
jerry: Hey, listen to this, Uncle Leo broke up with his girlfriend because of the bit I did. She thought it was funny, so he accused *her* of being an anti-Semite. They had a huge fight and now he's moving back into his apartment. You know what this means, my parents are gonna go back to Florida... What? What number is this? Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
jerry: Hey Kramer, my parents are gonna have to move back to Florida, isn't that great?
jerry: Hey, you're not giving it to me, man. What's wrong?
jerry: No good?
jerry: Well, you used to sit in that hot tub?
jerry: (offering a plate) Chicken?
jerry: Poppy seeds!
jerry: Hello Newman.
jerry: Not from the footage I've seen.
jerry: What's going on?
jerry: Are you kidding?
jerry: Where are they moving to?
jerry: Del Boca Vista, that's where my parents are gonna live!
jerry: We could visit together!
jerry: That's incredible!
jerry: Why?
jerry: To spite my parents?
jerry: Your parents are crazy!
jerry: My parents are moving back too!
jerry: You have no idea how your life is gonna improve as a result of this. Food tastes better. The air seems fresher. You'll have more energy and self confidence than you ever dreamed of.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Oh, hi dad.
jerry: Nothing. A bottle broke. That's all. What do you mean, you're gonna move in here?
jerry: But it's a big complex.
jerry: All right, fine. Come over here. (Hangs up phone)
jerry: They're not going back to Florida. They're moving here.
jerry: Because your parents are going down there. My buffer zone just went from twelve hundred miles down to two feet! You gotta do something.
jerry: You know what you're doing, don't you? You're killing Independent Jerry! I gotta go see my Uncle Leo. I think he may have made a big mistake.
jerry: C'mon, you're lucky to have anybody.
jerry: Swinging? What are you, out of your mind? Look at you, you're disgusting. You're bald, you're paunchy, all kinds of sounds are emanating from your body twenty-four hours a day. If there's a woman that can take your presence for more than ten consecutive seconds, you should hang on to her like grim death. Which is not far off, by the way.
jerry: Can you blame her?
jerry: What do you recommend?
jerry: Well, it's been a great visit.
jerry: Well, at least the Costanzas changed their mind and decided not to move. They couldn't bear being away from George.
jerry: You have no idea.
jerry: Thank you! Goodnight! (Walks off stage, sighing deeply. Instantly, a red-headed woman runs up and hugs him - taking Jerry by surprise)
jerry: (Trying to ward her off) Hey. Hey!
jerry: Right.. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, oh, so you saw the show?
jerry: (Modest) Oh, thanks.
jerry: (Blunt) I believe you.
jerry: (Grabbing his coat) Oh, I'm sorry, I can't - I'm going straight to the airport.
jerry: Oh?
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: Uh.. well, you better not. I'm supposed to be careful with it.
jerry: Oh, okay..
jerry: Ohh.. look at this..
jerry: I bought a bottle of BBQ sauce in Memphis. I think the stewardess broke it when she tried to jam it into the overhead compartment because of this
jerry: I don't care about the sauce. It came in this funny little bottle, and there was a guy on the label that looked exactly like Charles Grodin.
jerry: No, you don't see - because I'm going on the show this week, and this was going to be my bit on the show.
jerry: I'm out.
jerry: (Sarcastic) Thanks for the tip.
jerry: Hey. Hey, this is for you. (Taps the gift) It's from.. uh, Susan's roommate, Sally.
jerry: (Annoyed at the thought) Nobody hit anything off. She just gave me the box. (Looks over at Kramer. He is scraping the BBQ sauce off Jerry's clothes with a knife, then dipping some bread into it) What the hell are you doing?
jerry: (Pleading) Hey, hey, hey. Come on, come on.
jerry: Like what?
jerry: (Confused) Where's the punchline?
jerry: A door mat? That's what she had me lug up from Memphis?!
jerry: Federal Express?! Is she out of her mind? Why didn't she just ship it?!
jerry: Hey, Elaine, you have got to buy this new electric toothbrush I just got - the Ori-dent.
jerry: Oh, it's unbelievable. Every time you use it you feel like you just came from the dentist!
jerry: Hey, what are you doing tomorrow? You want to come see me on the Charles Grodin show?
jerry: Uh.. one of the three tenors.
jerry: Uh.. It's not Poverotti.. It's not Domingo..
jerry: (Nodding) Yeah, the other guy.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Why not?
jerry: Hey, you look awful.
jerry: Problem in the bedroom?
jerry: Wow. You were in bed with your mother last night?
jerry: I thought you didn't want the doormat.
jerry: Sally? (Getting upset) Wait, wait a minute - She's coming to New York?
jerry: Excited? I'm gonna kill her! She knew she was coming here and she made me carry that box?!
jerry: It's because of her that bottle got broke that I was going to give to Charles Grodin on his show.
jerry: (While opening a cereal box) I will - don't worry. (Plotting revenge) In fact, I'll have her bring up a whole case of the stuff. It'll be really heavy. Let's see if she likes sitting on a plane with a big box on her lap!
jerry: (Pulling out the toy from the cereal box - he displays even more immaturity by holding it up, smiling) Hey! A dinosaur!
jerry: Well, it doesn't look exactly like her.
jerry: Why don't you just get rid of it?
jerry: Wait, where are you going? Don't take your dolly and go home.
jerry: I'm just glad it's outta here. (Elaine exhales deeply - getting over the scare of the doll. She moves into the apartment) What's that? (Pointing to a rolled up poster Elaine is carrying)
jerry: Oh. (Intercom buzzes, Jerry answers it) Yeah?
jerry: Oh, did you bring the bar-b-que sauce?
jerry: (Letting her up) Excellent. (To Elaine) So, did you buy that electric toothbrush I was telling you about?
jerry: How come? I told you - It's fantastic.
jerry: I've had yours, I'm telling you - this one is ten times better. Don't you believe me?
jerry: (Slightly confused by her behavior) I don't understand this. Why wouldn't you want to get something that's better if I'm telling you it's better? And it's not a little better - it's much better.
jerry: Come in.
jerry: Oh, hi. Elaine, this is Sally.
jerry: How was your flight? (Wishful thinking) Pretty uncomfortable?
jerry: (Let down) Oh.. (Starts to open the box) Oh, wait.. (Holding up one of the BBQ jars) This isn't the sauce that I asked for!
jerry: (Complaining) No, no. I wanted the one in the little bottle with that guy on it that looks like Charles Grodin!
jerry: I know it's a joke. It's supposed to be a joke! Now I'm going on the Charles Grodin Show with nothing. (Sets the jar down angrily) Nothing!
jerry: (Peeved) I don't have any material!
jerry: (Still ticked off) That woman is such an idiot! I was gonna do this whole bit on that bottle - and now I got nothing to talk about.
jerry: Well, maybe if I didn't have so many people in my apartment all the time I'd be able to get some work done.
jerry: (Deeply sarcastic) No. You're never here.
jerry: Yeah. Really. (Forming and idea) Hey, you know what? Maybe I could talk about that on the show.
jerry: Show the doll - show the picture of George's mother.. it's pretty funny. (Moving toward the phone) I'm gonna call them.
jerry: Hello, Susan? It's Jerry.
jerry: (Disappointed) Oh. Is George there?
jerry: Uh, listen, this is important. Tell him to meet me at the TV studio with a picture of his mother and that doll that looks like her.
jerry: (Obviously resents talking to her) Yes.
jerry: Not yet. (Points over to a man sitting in one of the room's chairs. Whispers) The other guy.
"jerry: (Joking around) Well, that's one hell of a gig. (Turning around, he picks up a box labeled ""Ori-dent"") Hey, look, I got something for you. The Ori-dent!"
jerry: Well, it's a delicate mechanism - It, you know, needs lots of packaging.
jerry: Well, I want to sit down.
"jerry: It's a trick I just learned from Kramer. It keeps a crease in the pants. (Folds his pants over the head of a chair, then sits down in another. When he sees Elaine's staring at him, he makes a ""Tada!"" gesture with his hands. Elaine holds her hand up - as if to say ""I'll see ya."", and while she's slowly walking out Jerry gives her a salute)"
jerry: (Surprised to see her, he gets up) Where's George?
jerry: (Complaining) No! That's the wrong doll!
jerry: (Slow whispering) This is a nightmare.
jerry: My pants!
jerry: What?
jerry: Dead man walking.
jerry: Well, one outta twenty thousand. That's not bad.
jerry: She did?
jerry: So? Wheels?
jerry: Beautiful.
jerry: So, set it up. You know what, we could have dinner at the Friars Club.
jerry: Yeah, I'm thinking of joining. Pat Cooper said he would put me up for membership.
jerry: Catnap?
jerry: (deadpan) That must be some book.
jerry: Just imagine how much more you'll accomplish.
jerry: I didn't know you had a hopper.
jerry: Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld. Pat Cooper made a reservation for me.
jerry: (downcast) Oh, I'm sorry.
jerry: (jocular) You just bought your own dinner.
jerry: (passing Hallie) 'Scuse me.
jerry: Hey, not bad. (pointing to crest) I kinda like this little thing here.
jerry: (to George) That might be the stupidest thing you've ever said.
jerry: (to George) I mean, come on. (a thought occurs) No, the stupidest thing you ever said was when you said Steve Kroft from Sixty Minutes is the same guy from *Seals and Croft*.
jerry: Oh, come on.
jerry: Alright.
jerry: (looking at Kramer) This is nice.
jerry: Morning?
jerry: (looks at watch) Ten-thirty.
jerry: (realising) Ohh, I don't believe this. I forgot to give it back. It belongs to the Friars Club.
jerry: Breakfast?
jerry: So this Da Vinci sleep is working out?
jerry: What d'you call it?
jerry: (deadpan) I think you need more sleep.
jerry: So, how'd your date work out with the mysterious Connie?
jerry: Oh, now you're being ridiculous.
jerry: (indicates the bowl of cereal) No milk?
jerry: (startled) Kramer!
jerry: (confused) Wha..? What time is it?
jerry: (aghast) Four in the morning?!
jerry: Well, what's wrong with you?
jerry: No. Would you just get out?
jerry: No!
jerry: Ready for lunch?
jerry: You think he's faking?
jerry: That was him?
jerry: Somehow I thought he'd be taller.
jerry: (standing) Alright, I'll see you later.
jerry: Hey, Bob.
jerry: Bob.
jerry: Hey, Bobby, over here.
jerry: Bob. Oh, Bob.
jerry: (louder) Bob!
jerry: (urgent whisper) Elaine.
jerry: I was just in the bathroom.
jerry: No, no, no. I was just in the bathroom with that Bob guy.
jerry: No, I kinda tried to test his hearing.
jerry: Well, I kinda snuck up behind him at the urinal and tried to see if he could hear me.
jerry: Well, he flinched, sort of.
jerry: Well, he kinda moved his head, you know. It mighta been on the zip up, I dunno.
jerry: Actually, no.
jerry: Right.
jerry: Come in.
jerry: That was something.
jerry: (positive) Fantastic. Fantastic woman.
jerry: I'm nuts about her.
jerry: She could be an 'it'.
jerry: She's got 'it' written all over her.
jerry: Well, I dunno. I didn't really talk to her.
jerry: Whatever.
jerry: That doesn't sound right.
jerry: Flying Sandos. Beautiful.
jerry: Walk me down to the Friars.
jerry: It's not here.
jerry: Th..the jacket, it's not here. It's gotta be here somewhere.
jerry: (to Kramer) Thanks for that four a.m. wakeup call last night. (frustrated) Where the hell is that jacket?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Oh, well, that's at the cleaners.
jerry: The cleaners? How did it get there?
jerry: (irritated) Great.
jerry: Somehow? You've had an hour and twenty minutes sleep in three days!
jerry: Alright. I just hope I can get it to the Friars Club before the show.
jerry: (to Kramer) Hey.
jerry: (louder) Hey!!
jerry: Sorry, sorry I'm late.
jerry: Yeah, it wasn't ready on time. I have to return it after the show.
jerry: Yeah. Well, let's hope this evening turns out a little better.
jerry: (smiling) I don't think so.
jerry: My jacket?
jerry: (giving in) Alright.
jerry: Hi. I..I was in the audience earlier. You threw my jacket down. I just wanted to pick it up.
jerry: (explaining) I had a jacket with a crest on it. You came into the audience, you threw it away. Agrabah.
jerry: Well, it was either you or one of your brothers.
jerry: It doesn't even belong to me. It belongs to the Friars Club.
jerry: (cynical) I'm sure it won't.
jerry: (downcast) No, I'm a little tired. I think I'll go home.
jerry: Yeah, we'll do it another time.
jerry: (looking after the guys) That nut is always up to something.
jerry: (into phone) Tell 'em I'll come down and talk to 'em. Okay, bye. (to George) Well, that was the Friars Club. D'you think they're gonna let a jacket-stealer join? I don't think so! They're gonna charge me eight hundred dollars for the jacket, and I gotta deal with Pat Cooper!
jerry: (worked up) Wh..what kinda show is that Sandos Brothers? They take your jacket, then they just throw it? I never heard of that!
jerry: (unenthusiastic) Uhh, I don't think so.
jerry: (impassive) Ah, I'm a little turned off.
jerry: Ahh, I'm, I'm kinda soured.
jerry: Yeah, I'm soured.
jerry: I'm sorry. I'm soured.
jerry: Well, you know, frankly, I don't think she was too concerned about my jacket.
jerry: (indifferent) Yeah, we'll see.
jerry: I'll try and de-sour.
jerry: (sharp) I'll try! I'll try and de-sour and sweeten.
jerry: I still don't know what that means.
jerry: (astonished) Oh god! What happened to you?!
jerry: Who?
jerry: What'd she do?
jerry: (bewildered) Why would she try and kill you?
jerry: Hey, there's uncle Milty.
jerry: (pointing) And there's David Steinberg.
jerry: The manager.
jerry: (to George) Hey, there's Pat. (calls) Hey, Pat.
jerry: I forgot to take it off.
jerry: I'm sorry.
jerry: Well, one of the gypsies took it.
jerry: Alright.
jerry: God, you're right.
jerry: Well, I'm a prospective member.
jerry: But that guy has my jacket.
jerry: Come on.
jerry: I dunno how that guy gave us the slip at the Friars Club.
jerry: Ouf.
jerry: Hey. It's you! (pointing) Th..that's my Friars Club jacket!
jerry: (adamant) No, no, no. That's my jacket, give it back.
jerry: C'mon I need it.
jerry: (determined) I wanna join. I need it to become a member.
jerry: Can you believe it?!
jerry: (examining) Hey George, you know what? I think this crest is different. It's got a moose on it.
jerry: Yeah. (subdued) I don't think this is the jacket.
jerry: Ohh, you got the jacket back.
jerry: (taking the jacket) Thank you.
jerry: Oh. (smiling) Oh, that's nice of 'em.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeahh.
jerry: Maybe she'll sweeten.
jerry: I'm looking for a crested blazer
jerry: I've worn one once and I really think it did something for me.
jerry: (softly) Hmm.. they'll match my sneakers.
jerry: You know...I'm not sure. I'll tell you what. I'll come back later with someone and see what they think.
jerry: Really I'll be back.
jerry: So I didn't like the crest all that much., but the guy spent fifteen minutes with me so to get out of the store I told I wanted to see what someone else thought.... And then he makes a face like he doesn't believe me.
jerry: Yeah..... He caught me So here's what I want you to do. Come back with me to the store and we'll pretend to look at the coat.
jerry: Because he thinks I was lying and I want to show him I wasn't.
jerry: But if you go back with me , then I'm not.
jerry: (to George) Problems with the house guest?
jerry: Boy.. imagine.. liking wigs to the point it becomes a career choice.
jerry: (proud of himself) Remember me? I said I 'd come back with someone and I did. Surprised?.
jerry: Yeah.... well Elaine.
jerry: (impatiently cutting in) Hey Elaine What about the crest.? What d'you think of the crest here.
jerry: You what??
jerry: (giving up) Check.
jerry: You weren't supposed to say that.
jerry: That's not the point. You put me in a position where I had no choice.
jerry: And what about that guy asking you out right in front of me?
jerry: ...'s very emasculating, he doesn't know the nature of our relationship. You're there approving new clothes.....That's a girlfriend job! How dare he!!
jerry: No I gave it back to you
jerry: Oh Come on!!
jerry: I didn,t tell you to park in that lot .. Now someone's gonna have to drive you every time you need your car.? Take the bus!
jerry: Forget it.
jerry: He wont take ya..
jerry: Hey! Greg
jerry: Ah! right...nice. Lunch with Elaine?
jerry: You know 'm just curious, How did you know she wasn't my girlfriend?
jerry: Because you know we used to go out.
jerry: Oh Yeah we went way out and wild.
jerry: Hi Elaine.
jerry: How do you know she's not my wife?
jerry: Well, what about the ponytail?
jerry: C'mon Ponytail ...Get real.
jerry: Of course he did ..The guy's working ya.
jerry: Have you slept with him yet?
jerry: It's been known to happen....... telling you right now Elaine, this guy 's gonna dangle that dress in front of you like a dirt farmer dangles a carrot in front of a mule.
jerry: (interrupts)like a shark fisherman with a bucket of (?) Ch....
jerry: (continues)Like a shrimp farmer....
jerry: You know that clothing salesman had a lot of nerve hitting on Elaine right in front of me. He stands to make a big commission too on that jacket with the crest that nobody seems to like. You know what I'm gonna do.? I'm gonna take that jacket back.. I'm putting this guy ....RIGHT OUT OF COMMISSION....
jerry: Turn in?
jerry: It's only nine o clock.
jerry: I can't go to sleep at nine o clock!
jerry: Hey look ,you know, you're the one who's locked out. I'm letting you stay here. You're wearing my bathrobe. You should adapt to me.
jerry: Oh why don't you go sleep over at Newman's.
jerry: Well that's all I got.
jerry: Huh?
jerry: Kramer , there's no way you're sleeping with me.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Do I really have to explain why?
jerry: Yeah Why?
jerry: So ,Who is he?
jerry: Don't you see?...........It's all a big scam.
jerry: Excuse me I'd like to return this jacket.
jerry: ........For spite...
jerry: That's right. I don't care for the salesman that sold it to me.
jerry: What do you mean?
jerry: That's ridiculous, I want to return it. What's the difference what the reason is.
jerry: Well I want to return this jacket and she asked me why and I said for spite and now she won't take it back.
jerry: . Well So fine then ..then I don't want it and then that's why I'm returning it
jerry: But I changed my mind..
jerry: OH! Hey!!
jerry: Hey You're staying with my friend George.
jerry: Well he doesn't even want himself there.
jerry: All right. (sits down)
jerry: They make wigs out of human hairs?
jerry: Bye!
jerry: ...Guess so.
jerry: Hello..
jerry: (Interrupts) Excuse me...Excuse me... Are you asking him out ?
jerry: Right in front of me!. How do you know we're not together. Two guys, sittin' laughin' drinking Champagne Coolies.
jerry: Well we're sitting here together. Why wouldn't you think that.
jerry: Well it's very emasculating..
jerry: What bet?
jerry: Dustin Hoffman in Star Wars!?! Short Jewish guy against Darth Vader. I don't think so.
jerry: So the bet was that the loser has to buy dinner?
jerry: Huh.
jerry: No. nothing.
jerry: What's with you?
jerry: Wow.That's hot.
jerry: So know every time you get dressed. You are going to go down to the basement and use the dryer.
jerry: I got a date with Nikki.
jerry: She's also quite bold.
jerry: Hey, Elaine.
jerry: This is Nikki.
jerry: Oh of course. Todd Gack. You did you bet was in Star Wars? Sammy Davis Jr.
jerry: Why don't you see what you can do?
jerry: We'll see.
jerry: Yeah. Why?
jerry: Hey,that might be a nice idea for George's wedding.
jerry: Sure. If there cheap Why not.
jerry: Told you.
"jerry: All right. Enjoy""Blame it on the Rain"""
jerry: There really building a Utopian society up there huh.And you tribute all this to the calzone.
jerry: With you two guys at the helm. The last piece of the puzzle is in place.
jerry: So you don't make it a habit of giving to the blind.
jerry: So George. Remember when I told you Nikki gets whatever she wants. We are at the movies last night. It's sold out. Nikki goes and talks to the manager. Right in.
jerry: She's like a beautiful Godzilla.
jerry: What the hell is all this?
jerry: Why can't you do this on your table?
"jerry: Hey. So how was""Blame it on the Rain?"""
jerry: Oh!! Let me ask you a question. Was the movie part of the bet?
jerry: You know Elaine, It is not my way to intrude on the personal lives of close fiends....
jerry: Absolutely. But I feel I must inform you that what happened last night was more than a simple bet.
jerry: Come on. Dustin Hoffman in Star Wars. He made a bet he knew he was going to lose just to take you to dinner
jerry: Because if he doesn't ask you out he doesn't get rejected. He has found a dating loop hole.
jerry: So what happened after the movie?
jerry: To the door?
jerry: That's a date.
jerry: But I never walk you home.
jerry: No, no.
jerry: So how did you leave it with him?
jerry: That's another loop hole. That's two dates without asking you out.
jerry: Crazy like a man.
jerry: I was got to be 55.
jerry: A lot faster than that!
jerry: Okay dokey
jerry: Absolutely. Nikki!
jerry: Would you mind bringing the officer the registration?
jerry: You must have gotten me when I slowed down to take that curve because for a while there I was doing well over 100.
jerry: All right Nik. That's it.
jerry: You got your shirt in my oven!?!
jerry: For both of us.
jerry: What's wrong with your oven?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Come on up.
jerry: I got some Cubans for George's wedding. They were more than I wanted to pay for but what the hell!
jerry: Peru! I paid $300 bucks for these. I could have bought a house in Peru for $300 bucks!
jerry: I got to pay this Todd Gack guy $300 bucks just so he has some excuse to see Elaine again without asking her out.
jerry: so what is Steinbrenner going to do if he doesn't get his calzones?
jerry: Why don't you get someone else from the office to go get Pisano's for you?
jerry: No. I never had a job.
jerry: Kramer's cooking up some corduroy.
jerry: What kind of pie are you cooking?
jerry: I did.
jerry: Well what could I do? Unless you pay him a visit.
jerry: Stupid cigars. You know if I didn't send Nikki over to talk to him they wouldn't be together.
jerry: It's like trying to smoke a chicken bone.
jerry: I think it's Dutch. I got to get going.
jerry: I... uh....promised Nikki that I'd walk her dog for her.
jerry: I know, I know. But some how she explained it to me and I couldn't say no.
jerry: What's that?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Actually it's being taken care of right now.
jerry: He pulled an LBJ on you.
jerry: Lyndon Johnson, used to do that to his staffers.
jerry: Oh yeah. He'd hold national security meetings in there. He planned the Hanoi bombing after a bad Thai meal.
jerry: Ask him to repeat it. Tell him there was an echo in there.
jerry: You know what you do? Ask him a follow-up question. Tell him you're having trouble getting started, and you want his advice.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Can I have my keys...
jerry: (catching keys) ...back, please?
jerry: Well, what d'you think the hoboes are doing?
jerry: No I can't. I gotta pick up Elaine. I'm taking her to this Kennedy auction.
jerry: (re-entering) Hey, you're not talking that Michigan deposit bottle scam again, are you?
jerry: (leaving) You two keep an eye on each other?
jerry: Are you sure you didn't hear my car making a funny noise? I know those two idiots did something to it.
jerry: Sue Ellen Mishke, the braless 'O Henry' candy bar heiress.
jerry: Hi Sue Ellen.
jerry: I'm here to catch a glimpse... of high society.
jerry: Think she wants those clubs.
jerry: Well, that's your ceiling.
jerry: I really thought you had her there at seventeen thousand.
jerry: Do you hear this clunking?
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Bye.
jerry: What's going on here?
jerry: Oh God!
jerry: (angry) Oh, you idiots!
jerry: Hey. You put your groceries under the hood of my car?
jerry: And your crab legs, and a thing of cheese. The Triple-A guy said I was this close to sucking a muffin down the carburetor. What were you thinking?
jerry: Now I gotta take the car down to Tony and get it checked out.
jerry: Yeah, he's real good. But he's so obsessive about the car. He makes me feel guilty about every little thing that's wrong with it. I gotta get it washed before I bring it down to him, or I'm afraid he'll yell at me.
jerry: No, thank you.
jerry: Yeah. So, anyway, the engine's been idling a little rough. I thought it might be time for a check up...
jerry: There's really nothing wrong on the inside.
jerry: No, I hadn't noticed.
jerry: Have I been picking at it? No. You know. It's just wear and tear.
jerry: The engine is really the only thing that needs checking.
jerry: Try to.
jerry: The song Downtown? You mean the Petula Clark song?
jerry: You sure he didn't just mention it because you happened to be going downtown?
jerry: Okay, so how does it go?
jerry: '... downtown.'
jerry: '...downtown.'
jerry: Seven-eleven?
jerry: No, that's midtown.
jerry: '...down town.'
jerry: '...downtown.'
jerry: Well, 'don't hang around and let your troubles surround you. There are movie shows...'
jerry: How can you lose?
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Oh, hi.
jerry: Oh, you know what?
jerry: Oh, no. It's no big deal. I left the clubs in the car.
jerry: I forgot.
jerry: I can't. The car's at the mechanics.
jerry: No, no, you can't. He's working on the car right now. You can not disturb him while he's working. But I'm going down there in like an hour, if you wanna meet me down there. You know the place, it's on fifty-sixth street?
jerry: Hey, Tony.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Well, I change it so often, I mean to come all the way down here...
jerry: I really wanna...
jerry: How much money is this gonna cost me?
jerry: The washer fluid is fine.
jerry: Alright, you know what, uhm... I just wanna take my car, and I'm gonna bring it someplace else.
jerry: Just, can I have my car? I wanna pay my bill, I'm gonna be on my way.
jerry: Well, just get it down.
jerry: Okay. Thank you, very much.
jerry: He's bringing it.
jerry: Okay, thank you. (hangs up the phone)
jerry: They're sending a detective to my apartment tomorrow.
jerry: Well, I didn't count on my mechanic pulling a Mary-Beth Whitehead, did I?
jerry: He's a very special maniac.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: You know, like mechanic's pants, a shirt that said 'Tony'. Lemme ask you something, have you ever seen a case like this before?
jerry: Had I been taking...?
jerry: W-well, what does it matter? It's my car, I can do whatever I want with it.
jerry: Not that I would think of doing such things.
jerry: Well uh, whatever you can do. Thanks.
jerry: I don't get it. He assigns it to you, you don't do it. Somehow it gets done, and now he's telling you what a great job you did.
jerry: No. The police have no leads (sitting on the couch arm) and I just found out today my insurance doesn't cover it.
jerry: They don't consider it stolen, if you wilfully give the guy the keys.
jerry: They're looking.
jerry: Y'hello.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Yeah, okay. (to Elaine) They may have found the car.
jerry: Are there golf clubs in the back?
jerry: (indicating) This is Elaine Benes.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well, what's going on? What is this thing?
jerry: Oh my God!
jerry: What is that smell?
jerry: Wait a second. Turbo? I didn't have a turbo.
jerry: No, it's a nine-hundred S. (happy) It's a turbo, Elaine, a turbo!
jerry: Hello.
jerry: Tony, where are you?
jerry: Tony, y-you better bring that car back!
jerry: Tony, it is my car, and I want it back!
jerry: Tony.
jerry: (exasperated) Where do I find these guys?
jerry: (answering phone) Y'hello.
jerry: Why, what's up?
jerry: Oh my god, you're kidding. (dives for his wallet) Hang on a second. (reading from his registration) It's JVN 728.
jerry: Oh my god. Yeah, yeah, he said he brought it to the country.
jerry: Good work Kramer, this is incredible.
jerry: Yeah, it's me. Kramer found the car!
jerry: It's somewhere in the country, they're following 'em.
jerry: I don't know. They're tailing him. I'm waiting for them to call me back.
jerry: Last check-in, they were still on him.
jerry: No, they won't call the police.
jerry: They're afraid they'll get in trouble for misusing a mail truck. Kramer doesn't want a record.
jerry: Not a Federal record.
jerry: What's going on?
jerry: Kramer, I want my car.
jerry: Keep following him Kramer. don't let me down.
jerry: How's the gas situation?
jerry: Duck, Kramer! Duck!
jerry: No, don't stop, Kramer. Keep going, don't let him get away.
jerry: (hearing the noises) What's happening!
jerry: (disappointment) Dammit!
jerry: Hairdo?
jerry: You look like Brenda Starr.
jerry: It's better than Dondi.
jerry: (Interested, still looking at the couple) Really?
jerry: You know, I have a little thing for Beth Lookner.
jerry: Yeah.. I've been waitin' out their marriage for three years.
jerry: (Noting) You know, I've never seen you drive.
jerry: Hi, Beth!
jerry: Hey. Hey, Mickey. What's going on?
jerry: Really?
jerry: Kramer?
jerry: Ohh boy. Well, I gotta meet Elaine and run some errands. So.. (Goes for his coat)
jerry: (Fishing for his keys in a kitchen drawer) You know, when I first met you, Kramer, you used to wear jeans all the time.
jerry: (Jokingly playing off Kramer's statement) With a different body.
jerry: Ehh, I dunno..
jerry: (His thoughts) I'm so nauseous. She's the worst driver.
jerry: (Once again, the audience hears his thoughts) I'm so car sick. I'm gonna vomit!
jerry: (Out of it) Huh?
jerry: I don't know, but we don't have much time.
jerry: The city's probably teeming with people who've been waiting out that marriage.
jerry: It's like when tenant dies in a rent controlled building - you gotta take immediate action.
jerry: Their grieving time is a luxury I can't afford. I'm calling Beth tonight, and if you want a clean shot at David, I suggest you do likewise.
jerry: But we gotta make it seem like we're not calling for dates.
jerry: Good question. (More to himself than to Elaine) Why are we calling?
"jerry: (Nodding, trying it out) ""I'm there for you."""
jerry: Hey, remember Beth and David from yesterday? They got separated.
jerry: What'd you say?
jerry: hey, uh.. (Kramer walks around a little) what'd you get there?
jerry: Slim-fit?
jerry: You're walkin' like Frankenstein!
jerry: Sure, Beth, these things happen. (Brief pause) So, have you told many.. people yet?
jerry: Anyway, I just called to tell you that, I'm there for you.
jerry: Sure, dinner would be fine.
jerry: What's wrong?
jerry: Alright, alright. Uh, undo them. I'll help you get them off.
jerry: (Walks over and starts pulling on Kramer's pants) You just gotta wiggle your hips a little bit.
jerry: (Stops pulling on the pants) Alright, alright, That's no good. (Moves Kramer over to the couch) Let me try getting them from the bottom. (Goes for Kramer's Leg) Just gimme one leg.
jerry: (Still pulling on Kramer's pants from the ankles) Man these are tight. (Yanking) Squinch your hips in
jerry: (Still pulling) Squinch em!
jerry: (Stops) Alright, that's not gonna work, it's not gonna work. Let me just think for a second here.
jerry: Hold it, hold it...Look your gonna need the jaws of life to get out of those things.
jerry: (Kramer waddling out the door) Maybe you can soak in the tub.
jerry: Well, I just want you to know I'm there for you. Course now I'm here for you, but when i'm not here for you, i'm there for you.
jerry: So how did this all happen?
jerry: (stunned) Is that right?
jerry: Maybe, maybe
jerry: (agreeing) well three years is a long time to be married.
jerry: I'll tell you, that There for you crap was a stroke of genius.
jerry: Never mind
jerry: You're a Genius!
jerry: What's going on? You're the man of the hour, That's what's going on.
jerry: According to them
jerry: (moving over to block the door) Where are you going?
jerry: Talk to Beth?
jerry: You're not undoing anything.
jerry: Oh no you're not!
jerry: (talking to Beth on the phone) Could you put him on, I'd love to say hello.
jerry: George what the hell are you doing over there? I told you to mind your own business now stay out of my affairs!
jerry: Ate? What? What the hell are you talking about? Now you listen to me, you get out of that apartment this instant. If you screw this up for me I swear....
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: Hey, are you still wearing those things.
jerry: See you later
jerry: Hello
jerry: (excited) Oh, Hi Beth
jerry: (under his breath) George.
jerry: Um. I'll call you back ok?
jerry: Trouble
jerry: George
jerry: ya
jerry: What are we gonna do?
jerry: Ya i could try and do that.
jerry: No you go on ahead, I'll take the bus.
jerry: No, no. I'll take the subway.
jerry: Na, uh, no, uh, I'll hitch hike.
jerry: It's really not necessary.
jerry: I don't feel so good.
jerry: Anyway Beth, you know i was thinking on my way over how when i was 9. I wanted these handball sneakers, they were all black but they came in adult sizes so you know i never got the sneakers. (Beth looks him confused)
jerry: I'm nauseous.
jerry: A little
jerry: It's not bad.
jerry: It's gotta have something to do with Kramer
jerry: What's coming?
jerry: Ahhh...The Day..
jerry: why don't you just break it off with her. tell her it's over
jerry: Why not?
jerry: All right take it easy, just take it easy.
jerry: A letter.
jerry: That's it?
jerry: You can't go to China What about your job?
jerry: So write a letter.. move to another...move to Staten Island., 'lot easier to blend in a sea of people in Staten Island than China believe me.
jerry: Aagh! You come back for your clothes
jerry: So forget about your clothes.
jerry: Look, freedom with no clothes is a lot better than no freedom with clothes.
jerry: And what, hope for a crash?
jerry: You know what the odds are on a crash it's a million to one.
jerry: Euhh...Elaine....
jerry: Hey Elaine if a guy wanted to end a relationship with you . What could he do?
jerry: Does she hate cigarettes?
jerry: But you don't smoke.
jerry: You know, I think I'm getting a little depressed about George's wedding.
jerry: Yeah. Well once he gets married that's it, she'll probably get pregnant, they'll move to Westchester. I'll never see him again.
jerry: Then it'll just be me, you and Kramer.
jerry: So it's just gonna be me and Kramer.
jerry: See you ... me and Kramer...
jerry: (annoyed) How you gonna drive when looking through a periscope? Besides it's not a submarine and there's no room for a periscope in a car.
jerry: They're not making higher roofs.
jerry: Because it's a stupid idea. No one's gonna go for it. Don't you understand It's stupid ,stupid...
jerry: .....Stupid , stupid.
jerry: Yeah!.. Thanks.Oh! my god you saved my life.
jerry: oh! thank you.
jerry: Well I...
jerry: What?
jerry: I'm Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: Hey! Same initials . How do you like that?
jerry: No. I know what I want.
jerry: Yeah.,
jerry: Yeah!!!
jerry: Uh! Really .That's nice.
jerry: I think I'm in love.
jerry: No it's true. This woman saved my life. I was crossing the street .I was almost hit by a car...and then we talked and.......the whole thing just seemed like a dream.
jerry: No, no this woman is different , she's incredible. she's just like me. She talks like me, she acts like me. She even ordered cereal at a restaurant. We even have the same initials. Wait a minute, I just realised what's going on.
jerry: Now I know what I've been looking for all these years......myself! (Kramer is speechless) I've been waiting for me to come along and now I 've swept myself off my feet.
jerry: (shrugs) Hey George I think I want to bring a date to the wedding
jerry: I just met her, she's incredible.
jerry: You can go with Kramer
jerry: Excuse me.( gets up and opens the door)
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Hey is the same thing as hello. What do you think Jeannie.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Yeah , she's coming to see my act tonight.
jerry: What's with you?
jerry: Something on your mind?
jerry: Looks like there is?
jerry: Come on. Something's on your mind. Out with it.
jerry: You don't like her?
jerry: What's wrong with her?
jerry: Well you can't take her maybe you can't take me either.
jerry: That's how it's gonna be.
jerry: Will you marry me?
jerry: I would like to propose a toast....Wait a second.. George! George Costanza come in here.
jerry: George, big news; I'm getting married!!
jerry: September 21st, first day of Autumn. Leaves changing colours.. Beautiful colors.
jerry: You see , I kept up my end of the pact.
jerry: Hey look , Champagne..
jerry: To our future wives....yeah...
jerry: Well it's been quite a night I could sure use a cup of coffee.
jerry: (weakly) I dunno
jerry: (to waitress) I' ll just have a cup of coffee.
jerry: More cereal? that's your third bowl today, you had it for breakfast and lunch.
jerry: Thanks , thanks
jerry: Yeah , yeah .
jerry: I think I may have made a big mistake.
jerry: All of a sudden it hit me, I realized what the problem is; I can't be with someone like me.. I hate myself!! If anything I need to get the exact opposite of me....It's too much. It's too Much I can't take it ...I can't take it!!!
jerry: Yeah! Too bad.
jerry: Hello. Oh! Hi George.......What! ..really! All right I'll call Elaine , we'll meet you down there.
jerry: They just took Susan to the Hospital
jerry: So she was just lying there.
jerry: Dead?
jerry: Yeah! me too
jerry: How did it happen?
jerry: So I guess , you're not getting married?
jerry: But....
jerry: Well , now I'm engaged..
jerry: Well I thought we'd both be getting married.
jerry: WE HAD A PACT!!!
jerry: Thank you, no.
jerry: I don't mind the cemetery.
jerry: Oh, I don't know. I told them her death takes place in the shadow of new life. She's not really dead if we find a way to remember her.
jerry: Star Trek II.
jerry: Right. Kramer and I saw it last night. Spock dies, they wrap him up in a towel, and they shoot him out the bowel of the ship in that big sunglasses case.
jerry: Yeah...
jerry: So it's over?
jerry: All right, so uh, let's do something later. How 'bout a movie?
jerry: Yeah, you in?
jerry: (to Kramer) So how's your karate class going?
jerry: ...But with punching and kicking.
jerry: Alright, I gotta go to the airport to pick up Elaine.
jerry: She's been in Mexico for six weeks.
jerry: That was July 4th!
jerry: Alright, I'm outta here, and when I get back, I don't want to see you here (points to kitchen), here (points to living room), or here (makes similar circle with his hands).
jerry: Wow. So did you get any good ideas for the catalog?
jerry: Anything you couldn't have gotten tearing open a bag of Doritos and watching Viva Zapata?
jerry: No, I don't.
jerry: My what?
jerry: Oh, yeah, that. Well...
jerry: There's really not that much to tell.
jerry: See ya.
jerry: (continuing) No rejection, no guilt, no remorse.
jerry: I know, I feel bad about that...
jerry: Eh.
jerry: No.
jerry: Pride?
jerry: Well, you're your own boss now.
jerry: Go ahead.
jerry: Who's stopping you?
jerry: Whatever.
jerry: Oh God.
jerry: It's Dolores.
jerry: Mulva.
jerry: Hi, Dolores. George, you remember Dolores?
jerry: Yes, Dolores, I did. It didn't work out, though, Dolores.
jerry: See ya.
jerry: Yeah, so did I. You know what? I bet it was the engagement. I've shown I can go all the way.
"jerry: Not our ""all the way"", their ""all the way."" I got the stink of responsibility on me."
jerry: You stink worse than I do!
jerry: Where?
jerry: Isn't it Myanmar now?
jerry: No, certainly not.
jerry: No one's gonna listen to you.
jerry: You're not qualified to work at the catalog.
jerry: Myanmar.
jerry: Sammy Davis had it.
jerry: No, she's not.
jerry: You guys both have class at the same time?
jerry: What do you mean you're in the same class?
jerry: Kramer, you're fighting children?!
jerry: He's nine years old! You don't need karate, you can just wring his neck!
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Actually, yeah. I'm meeting Mulva here in a few minutes.
jerry: Yeah. Was that a beauty or what?
"jerry: No, no, no, it's... ""She's not really dead if we find a way to remember her."""
jerry: (stares into coffee cup and looks back at George) Problem?
jerry: Hey, board of directors. Look at you!
jerry: Before we go any further, I'd just like to point out how disturbing it is that you equate eating a block of cheese with some sort of bachelor paradise.
jerry: All because of Wrath of Khan?
jerry: Well, it was the best of those movies.
jerry: Well, that's the thing. It was completely mutual.
jerry: I am. It was the world's first.
jerry: Well, I can't argue with that, but the fact remains... I was completely... (to himself, cursing her) Mulva!
jerry: (answering) Hello?
jerry: Oh, I don't believe this.
jerry: Hey!
jerry: How's it look?
jerry: Huh?
jerry: Elaine, let me ask you something. When I told you my breakup was mutual, did you believe me?
jerry: I gotta do some research here.
jerry: Oh, I'm the doofus?
jerry: You know, it occurs to me that Kramer is at karate right now.
jerry: Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
jerry: Okay, question #8. What if I told you my fiancee left me for another man? Does that make me more likable, less likable, as likable? Let's start over here this time.
jerry: (on the phone) Dad, I wouldn't eat anything you caught in that pond out in front of the condo.
jerry: Uh, look, Elaine's here, I gotta get going. Oh, by the way, uh, I'm not getting married. Tell mom. Bye. (hangs up)
jerry: So... did you stop by the dojo?
jerry: How's your confidence level?
jerry: Self-esteem?
jerry: Doofus?
jerry: All right, so what? You put out the catalog. How bad could it be?
jerry: What is that?
jerry: Well, nobody sees the... cover.
jerry: What happened to you?
jerry: It's the new cover of the J. Peterman Catalog. It is Elaine's choice. Let's congratulate her.
jerry: Vaya con dios.
jerry: No, he's still stuck at the foundation.
jerry: Widower? Wait a second. (goes to a notebook of his research)
jerry: Hey, Georgie! I'm doing some research down at the coffee shop. Your story's the one.
jerry: Yeah, your widower story's tested through the roof. (various patrons give the thumbs up in approval) When are you getting out of there?
jerry: What do you mean you can't go? There's two really girls sitting at the counter eating grilled cheese. Cheese, George! Cheese!
jerry: He cleared his throat?
jerry: So?
jerry: Not getting it.
jerry: Oh, help me, Rhonda.
jerry: I gotta go meet Pam.
jerry: Okay. I'm just not ga-ga over her. For once I'd like to be ga-ga.
jerry: She's having Carol, Gail and Lisa over. You know they all have kids now?
jerry: Perpetuation of the species.
jerry: By the way, just for the record -
jerry: So, Elaine was telling me about this piece of whitefish she had the other day...
jerry: You know, if you really want to test him out, why don't you try the old Jerry Lewis trick?
jerry: I heard that when Jerry Lewis left a meeting, he'd purposefully leave a briefcase with a tape recorder in it. Then after five minutes, he'd come back for it and listen to what everyone said about him.
jerry: Yes, it is.
jerry: I thought you might.
jerry: Hi, sorry I'm late.
jerry: You know, if we rush, we can still make the movie.
jerry: Why do you invite these women over if they annoy you so much?
jerry: C'mon, you want to have a baby.
jerry: It's the life force. I saw a show on the mollusk last night. Elaine, the mollusk travels from Alaska to Chile just for a shot at another mollusk. You think you're any better?
jerry: How long did you leave it up there?
jerry: Play the tape, maybe we'll get a clue.
jerry: Is that it?
jerry: What do you make of it?
jerry: So, what's on your mind?
jerry: Pam? What about Pam?
jerry: You what?
jerry: Is that right?
jerry: What does that mean?
jerry: What about her name?
jerry: She's got really nice hair.
jerry: You've got really specific tastes.
jerry: She's got nice calves.
jerry: Maybe I could, you're making some pretty good points.
jerry: But I might.
jerry: Why not? The voice? The calves? The bacon?
jerry: I think I can! I even like the name! Pam!
jerry: Pam!
jerry: Pam!
jerry: That Pam! I am ga-ga over her!
jerry: Yesterday. Six-ish.
jerry: You just met the guy yesterday.
jerry: A barren, sterile existence that ends when you die?
jerry: Elaine, a guy'll say anything to get a woman.
jerry: I once told a woman that I don't eat cake 'cause it goes right to my thighs.
jerry: I just came by to tell you - I'm really, really happy about this relationship. Really happy.
jerry: Kramer!
jerry: Hello, Newman.
jerry: Pam? What do you care? (Newman shrugs. Jerry notices he's carrying a Brentano's bookstore bag.)
jerry: Wait a minute! (A manic chase scene ensues, with Jerry chasing Newman from one end of the building to the other. Jerry finally catches up with him in the hallway on another floor.)
jerry: Alright, Newman! This is it! (Shoves him against the wall.)
jerry: Why not?
jerry: I can't believe I'm losing Pam!
jerry: I thought we were talking about me.
jerry: Anyway, I don't need your help. (Turns to leave.)
jerry: Alright, Newman. What do I have to do to get you to stop pulling the strings for Kramer?
jerry: C'mon, out with it.
jerry: Elaine? What does she have to - (notices Newman looking up at him longlingly.) Oh no...
jerry: When did you build this thing?
jerry: And?
jerry: But we already knew that.
jerry: Just give me some idea of what you think it could be.
jerry: Please.
jerry: Hold it, hold it! You're right, I'm not ready for this. (The door buzzer sounds, Jerry answers it.) Yeah?
jerry: C'mon up. (To George) Alright, it's Pam, you gotta get goin.'
jerry: We were just playin.'
jerry: Uh huh...
jerry: Why can't I be a soul mate?
jerry: We're getting vasectomies.
jerry: It's a little short.
jerry: All right. How 'bout this one let's say you're abducted by aliens.
jerry: They haul you aboard the mother ship, take you back to their planet as a curiosity. Now would you rather be in their zoo, or their circus?
jerry: But in the circus you get to ride around in the train, see the whole planet!
jerry: (resigned) At least it's show business..
jerry: What if she's got no interest in you?
jerry: (dry) He knows.
jerry: (dry) He knows.
jerry: Why don't you try your engagement story?
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: (doubtful) I don't know, do you have a--
jerry: Not bad. Wuh--what does she--
"jerry: Pretty impressive--""Serious boyfriend '92 to '95."" Owns her own car.. ""Favorite president James Polk!"" (ELAINE had echoed ""Uh-huh. Yup."" during it)"
jerry: (hands it to him as he asks ELAINE) So how'd it go with Kevin? Did you, steel-toe his ass back to Kentucky?
jerry: Why would anybody want a friend.
jerry: I mean all that stuff is so small.. ((ELAINE is wryly assessing him)) stupid..
jerry: What?
jerry: Gillian. Hiii..
jerry: It's nice to meet you!
jerry: She had man-hands.
jerry: The hands of a man. It's like a creature out of Greek Mythology, I mean, she was like part woman, part horrible beast.
jerry: Would she have hooks?
jerry: Kinda cool lookin'..
jerry: (leaving too) Yeah. Yeah.
jerry: Right. Well if you need an extra set of hands, I know who you can call--
jerry: Kramer?!
jerry: It--eight o'clock in the morning! What the hell is goin' on?!
jerry: Why??
jerry: (disoriented) How long have I been asleep? What--what year is this?
jerry: (snaps fingers) Now that you mention it.
jerry: How much are they payin' you?
jerry: Really. So uh, what do you do down there all day?
jerry: All right.
jerry: W-w-wha' you got in there?
jerry: So the picture worked. Amazing!
jerry: I don't know, but you don't have it.
jerry: What?
jerry: (whispers) Damn.
jerry: Uh, here I guess, an' uh, uh I went out and picked up a paper.
jerry: So? What are friends for?
jerry: So he's Bizarro Jerry!
"jerry: Yeah. Like Bizarro Superman. Superman's exact opposite, who lives in the backwards bizarro world. Up is Down. Down is Up. He says ""Hello"" when he leaves, ""Good bye"" when he arrives."
jerry: No. It's still a goodbye.
jerry: No.
jerry: Look. Just, forget it, (already). All right?
jerry: Tough day at the office?
jerry: Well, we better get goin' if we're gonna go to that uh, seven o'clock cold fusion.
jerry: No.. No thanks, I'm, just not hungry.
jerry: (to self) Oh. Twist off..
jerry: I can get it. (feeling his face)
jerry: I don't want to.
jerry: Okay. (closes eyes, blows on her finger, opens eyes, says to self) Didn't come true.
jerry: Then it does exist.
jerry: So when are you goin' out with this girl again?
jerry: So you're gonna burn that bridge.
jerry: So, uh. Gillian's comin' over later. I think I'm gonna end it.
jerry: Those meaty paws, I feel like I'm dating George the Animal, (steer).
jerry: Maybe I'll chain her to the refrigerator an' sell tickets.
jerry: Kramer, put the paper down! You never listen to me anymore! We hardly even talk!
jerry: I sit here for twenty lousy minutes in the morning--
jerry: An' then when you come home at night, you're always exhausted--we never do anything anymore!
jerry: (pause) It's your third day..
jerry: Well. (calling down the hall) Call if you're gonna be late!
jerry: Oh, I don't wanna talk about it..
jerry: Hey! Wait! Wait! Wait a second! Where you goin'? I-I hardly ever see you anymore.
jerry: The Bizarro coffeeshop?
jerry: I read.
jerry: (pause) Oh. Big deal..
jerry: (What's goin' on,) like yesterday, I go to the bank to make a deposit, an' the teller gives me this look, like--
jerry: (frustrated, to self) The whole system is breakin' down!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I wish I could, but, we're friends..
jerry: Good idea. (phone's ringing, goes to it) (muttering) There's a beach towel on the rack.. (to phone) Yeah.
jerry: (to drive him crazy) Who is this..
jerry: (pause) If I get it for you, will you take me to that club an' show me a good time?
jerry: Got it. (but now a man-hand grabs his arm) Uh!
jerry: I'm right here. (note he has an athletic bandage on his right hand) You're late.
jerry: Like you care.
jerry: (calmly getting up with plate of chicken) Oh! Sure! Sure! You an' your work! Elaine's off in the Bizarro World, George only calls when he wants something, an' I'm left sitting here like this plate of cold chicken, which, by the way, (drops chicken into sink) was, for two.
jerry: (calm) I ordered in. It's still effort.
jerry: What's wrong?
jerry: You're probably gettin' an ulcer. This job is killing you! It's killing Us.
jerry: The coffeeshop?
jerry: (pleased) I'll call George!
jerry: Hey. Isn't that Elaine?
jerry: Elaine!
jerry: (quietly crept out) This is really weird..
jerry: I tried to get him one but Man-Hands almost ripped my arm out of the socket!
jerry: So this is it, huh?
jerry: (dry) I guess the DJ booth was over there behind the bone saw? (really disappointed) Let's get out of here George.
jerry: Why not?
jerry: What about over there? You know air conditioners fall out all the time.
jerry: No, cab's comin' in right here (Hand at waist) Set of plastic hips, prosthetic legs, and a monkey to answer the door, I'm back in business.
jerry: You were livin' in the village then, right?
jerry: That is disgusting.
jerry: Well, then you're drivin' me wild.
jerry: (George enters) Oh, why you havin' a party?
jerry: Like with dogs.
jerry: He's gonna show up anyway.
jerry: Isn't that what Jack Ruby said?
jerry: Who wants two? Special sneak preview of Death Blow.
jerry: Kramer, do you know what I had to go through to get these?
jerry: Yeah I guess I do owe you.
jerry: No, I'm okay.
jerry: I'm fine. (George enters, Kramer exits) How was the party?
jerry: Yeah, so I didn't miss anything?
jerry: Elaine danced?
jerry: Did she do the little kicks and the thumbs?
jerry: For some time... (video of Elaine dancing on the street with Jerry and the street musicians watching her awful dance) It was about five years ago. I never knew what to say to her about it. It was one of those problems I hoped would just go away.
jerry: And by then you've lost interest.
jerry: What made him get that thing?
jerry: Not a very long trip. (Enter Kramer)
jerry: I don't even have the extra ticket yet.
jerry: How could that be?
jerry: No, George was there, he said he had a great time.
jerry: Oh, what are you talkin' about?
jerry: Now you're talkin' crazy!
jerry: (Makes sound) Oh there's my call waiting, I gotta get goin'.
jerry: Really? I thought you were rebuffed.
jerry: Maybe Elaine put in a good word for you.
jerry: Interesting. She doesn't care for you, then a stern warning, suddenly a phone call. Seems Elaine's made you the bad boy. And Anna digs the bad boy.
jerry: You've been the bad employee, the bad son, the bad friend...
jerry: The bad fianc&Mac226;, the bad dinner guest, the bad credit risk...
jerry: The bad date, the bad sport, the bad citizen... (looks at table as George exits) The bad tipper!
jerry: Half of show business is here.
jerry: That's quite a feed bag you're workin' on there.
jerry: I'm a joke maker.
jerry: (To Kramer) Hey, hey, what the hell is he doing?
jerry: Does what?
jerry: May I see you outside for a moment please?
jerry: Outside!
jerry: What do you mean he's bootlegging the movie?
jerry: It's not legitimate.
jerry: Where did you meet this guy?
jerry: Kramer. (boom sound)
jerry: I don't believe this. (They run into theater)
jerry: Hey, what is going on over there?
jerry: Are you nuts? There's no way I'm holding that thing.
jerry: Yeah well, maybe if he didn't lick his fingers before he reached in the bag we would've eaten some. Serves him right.
jerry: All right, I'm, i,m takin' the camera.
jerry: Oh man...
jerry: How was the rest of Death Blow?
jerry: Kramer, you make me get a ticket for this friend of yours and then the guy forces me to bootleg the movie at gun point!
jerry: You know, he came by here at 3 o'clock in the morning to pick up the tape. I was scared out of my mind!
jerry: What are you, crazy? I don't want to see this guy again.
jerry: What if I didn't do it right?
jerry: People with guns don't understand. That's why they get guns. Too many misunderstandings.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What?
jerry: Well, I did the best I could.
jerry: I don't want another gig! I'm not doin' this.
jerry: We're talkin' federal crime here.
jerry: No, no, no, no, no, no, no! What were you thinking when you shot this?
jerry: Do you even know what this scene is about?
jerry: No, bread is his soul. He's trying to buy back a loaf of his soul.
jerry: Kramer there is no way you're giving this tape to Brody and telling him I shot it.
jerry: I don't care about Brody. I was up on 96th Street today, there was a kid couldn't have been more than ten years old. He was asking a street vendor if he had any other bootlegs as good as Death Blow. That's who I care about. The little kid who needs bootlegs, because his parent or guardian won't let him see the excessive violence and strong sexual content you and I take for granted.
jerry: I have to. But I'm gonna need to storyboard this whole thing. Where are my magic markers?
jerry: I forgot to make my bed. (He tries to get away)
jerry: All right, you're beyond stink.
jerry: And that's not helpin' either. That's why you're havin' trouble with your staff, not because of George.
jerry: Have you ever seen yourself? (She starts dancing) Ah, ah, please, please. Not in my home. I gotta go throw this stuff in the laundry. I'll be right back.
jerry: No, I didn't shoot this one. I'm just scouting the location.
jerry: You'll get your tape. But here's what I'm gonna need. I'm gonna need three cameras, two on the floor, one in the balcony. And I want headsets for the guys runnin' 'em. I wanna be able to talk to 'em.
jerry: Kramer...
jerry: All right. That's it, I can't work like this.
jerry: I'm off the project. (He exits)
jerry: They think they can get anyone to shoot these bootlegs.
jerry: Eh, the whole business has changed. It's all about money now. The sad thing is it's the kids that suffer. (Kramer enters)
jerry: Kramer, I'm not doin' this anymore. I don't know what I was thinking. It's illegal, it's dangerous...
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh now I see. (Buzzer) Yeah.
jerry: What're we gonna do?
jerry: I think that's it. (They play it and see Elaine dancing) Sweet fancy Moses!
jerry: Uh, well. It, uh...
jerry: Yeah, out of nowhere there's this lone dancer who appears to be injured.
jerry: Yeah, so you cry... and when you see the dancing, you cry again.
jerry: But he's an old man, Elaine.
jerry: (Seeing a street vendor) Hey, it's the bootlegged Death Blow that I shot.
jerry: No you don't.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Thank you. (They continue walking)
jerry: I'm still big. It's the bootlegs that got small. So how are things at the office? Back to normal?
jerry: I wouldn't worry about it. (People on sidewalk behind them are doing her dance as they go)
jerry: No. All you got to do is jiggle it with this screwdriver.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: Extra teeth. I love that look.
jerry: What mustard stain?
jerry: Why did you take a picture of a mustard stain?
jerry: I see. She's looking.
jerry: They've tried to fix it. But it keeps coming back the same.
jerry: Well I can't the warranty expired two years ago.
jerry: Well how are you going.....
jerry: I guess I would.
jerry: Not the gown again.
jerry: They have gotten to know you.
jerry: Why because you dress casual and sleep with a lot of guys.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Who's it from?
jerry: What if I don't want it?
jerry: Maybe I am.
jerry: I've never done it before.
jerry: Why not?
jerry: I don't know it was weird. Crazy printing. I don't know who it was from.
jerry: It's not totally impossible.
jerry: Why can't I be bombable?
jerry: I suppose you think your bombable.
jerry: There's more than a couple.
jerry: You don't have a Mercedes.
jerry: The driver seems a little put out.
jerry: Is that Burt Reynolds?
jerry: Oh.
jerry: That's a lot of skin.
jerry: You can barely see her face.
jerry: Where are you going?
jerry: Oh yeah I like this idea.
jerry: Hey
jerry: He went to get some steak sauce. Why?
jerry: Hello
jerry: Hello Leo. You don't have to yell.
jerry: How did you get my package?
jerry: I don't know what you should do with it.
jerry: I am not going to treat my uncle like a bomb defusing robot.
jerry: Open the package Leo.
jerry: Opening.
jerry: No, No bomb.
jerry: Oh stupid Leo was using one of those oven cleaners. He left the canister in there and the pilot light was on. The whole thing blew up.
jerry: Yeah but the explosion singed off his eyebrows, mustache everything. He's all smooth now. Look's like a seal.
jerry: Is this my stereo?
jerry: What happened to my stereo? It's all smashed up.
jerry: But you were supposed to get me a refund.
jerry: So were going to make the Post Office pay for my new stereo?
jerry: How is it a write off?
jerry: Write it off what?
jerry: You don't even know what a write off is.
jerry: No. I don't.
jerry: I wish I just had the last twenty seconds of my life back.
jerry: Still no luck
jerry: There's no Zorn or Zoutraph.
jerry: Hey what about Dr. Resnick My Uncle Leo is going to see him tomorrow .
jerry: He's not that good.
jerry: Oh yeah. This can't miss.
jerry: I don't like this Kramer. Will it be much longer?
jerry: Investigation?
jerry: Hello Newman.
jerry: Define rarely.
jerry: Are we about throw here Newman?
jerry: Actually I am quite comfortable.
jerry: No.
jerry: You can't prove anything.
jerry: No in a matter of fact it isn't.
jerry: I'm clean and you know it.
jerry: Where did you get that?
jerry: I don't know about that but I'm sure there is a explanation.
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Oh my god!!
jerry: I have some questions of my own.
jerry: The timeless art of seduction.
jerry: My friend Kramer and I were discussing that same thing the other day. He was with Brant-Leland for a while.
jerry: Mentor? You mean your boss.
jerry: Hmm. So Cynthia's your mentor.
jerry: Well, I like Gabe Kaplan.
jerry: Yes. And the mentor advises the protg.
jerry: No.
jerry: Respect, admiration, prestige.
jerry: I suppose if it was on the protg's way to the mentor, they might.
jerry: It's not a valet, it's a protg.
jerry: (checking out George's textbook) Risk management?
jerry: Well what makes them think you're a risk management expert?
jerry: Hello?
jerry: So get this book on tape.
jerry: Am I going? It was three nights ago.
jerry: Oh, it was a lovely affair.
jerry: You gonna do a little yelling?
jerry: That is so cool, can you put me on the speaker?
jerry: Hey, Copernicus?
jerry: So, what did you say?
jerry: What? What did you--
jerry: He's writing copy?
jerry: (reading) Jewish singles night?
jerry: Well why are you going?
jerry: What are you talking about?
jerry: Lomez is Jewish?
jerry: Kramer, you know, I--
jerry: I'm not really a duck fan, the skin seems sort of human.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: No kidding?
jerry: Bania?
jerry: Reading for the Blind?
jerry: So, I finally met the mentor.
jerry: Oh yeah, she's dating Bania.
jerry: Yeah. I had to spend two hours at dinner last night with that specimen.
jerry: Chicken, how could she look up to a person who voluntarily spends time with Bania?
jerry: Piccata, if anything I should be dating a mentor and Bania should be setting pins in a bowling alley.
jerry: Hey, good luck with that.
jerry: Kramer, how are you gonna cook Jewish delicacies for a hundred and eighty-three people?
jerry: Well, if he's doing that bad, maybe he's in line for another promotion.
jerry: What the hell is going on here?
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: No, I don't want to.
jerry: Oh, this is awful.
jerry: Did you follow the recipe?
jerry: It tastes like dirt.
jerry: Kramer, you can't talk to Frank.
jerry: Yeah, it was alright.
jerry: No. No, no way, no Bania.
jerry: Have you seen his act? He's got a twelve-minute bit about Ovaltine. He's a punk, a patsy, a hack.
jerry: Would. Does. Is.
jerry: So you saw Bania's act?
jerry: I told you, it's like getting beaten with a bag of oranges.
jerry: He just thinks that anything that dissolves in milk is funny.
jerry: No more mentor?
jerry: Well at least you and I are okay again.
jerry: Why?
jerry: I can tell you what to do.
jerry: I can tell you what to think.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: Kind of in the middle of something here, George.
jerry: George?
jerry: I can't believe you feel you really need a mentor.
jerry: Yeah, see ya.
jerry: What's your problem.
jerry: Oh, hey Bania.
jerry: Oh, that's too bad.
jerry: Well it's just that you got so many things with the milk. You got that Bosco bit then you got your Nestl's Quik bit, by the time you get to Ovaltine--
jerry: George Costanza is your mentor?
jerry: About what? How to calculate five percent of a restaurant check?
jerry: As a matter of fact, I happen to have a protg of my own.
jerry: A Mister Kenneth Bania.
jerry: I'm gonna mentor this kid to the top.
jerry: Well, I don't think I want to date a protg whose mentor is a Costanza.
jerry: Have you tried the hamentashen?
jerry: Bania?
jerry: Risk management?
jerry: Hey, have you seen all these new commercials for indigestion drugs? Pepcid AC, Tagemat HB.
jerry: Now, you know you're supposed to take these things before you get sick?
jerry: No.
jerry: We're just talking. Is this not the greatest marketing ploy ever? If you feel good, you're supposed to take one!
jerry: They've opened up a whole new market. Medication for the well.
jerry: (hopeful) Then you admit it was amusing?
jerry: (thinking) Great. Thanks.
jerry: So when do I meet this jerk?
jerry: Who?
jerry: What song?
jerry: Desperado?
jerry: And you're still dating him? I tell you who sounds a little desperado.
jerry: (pointing toward the guy) See that salesman, twirling that umbrella.
jerry: I invented that.
jerry: When I started out as a comedian, I sold umbrellas. It was my idea to twirl it, to attract customers.
jerry: Elaine.
jerry: Elaine, please, it was a long time ago. The man doesn't want a history lesson.
jerry: I know Teddy Padillac. I worked with him on Forty-eighth and Sixth.
jerry: In his dreams.
jerry: (to Clicky) By the way, you're doing it too fast. You'll disorient the customers.
jerry: It's the twirling that dazzles the eye.
jerry: (as if speaking to a moron) Those belong to people.
jerry: (taking the envelope) Oh no, not more checks. They're coming faster than I can sign 'em.
jerry: I don't know why. There's a one-second clip of me in the opening credits of some Japanese comedy show.
jerry: (opening the envelope and pulling out a stack of checks) They run it all the time, and now I'm starting to get all these royalty checks.
jerry: Naw. Each one is for like twelve cents. It's barely worth the pain in my hand to sign 'em.
jerry: Why?
jerry: Ah, who are any of her losers?
jerry: I do it, I'm not even getting the cleaning.
jerry: Signed over a hundred checks this morning.
jerry: I'm gonna ask this guy something.
jerry: (to umbrella guy) Hey. Nice twirl you got there. You know who invented that, don't you?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Super terrific carpal tunnel syndrome.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Ah, I'm one kind.
jerry: The Fleckman.
jerry: Right.
jerry: (not interested) Oh, I'm sure they are.
jerry: No. I'm fine, thank you.
jerry: (quiet annoyance) I don't write skits.
jerry: Oh, where you going? The coffee shop?
jerry: You look like you could use a...
jerry: No spiel?
jerry: So you're angry that this bizarre carpet cabal made no attempt to abduct you?
jerry: You know, maybe they thought you looked too smart to be brainwashed?
jerry: Too dumb?
jerry: (impressed) Well! Mack is back in town! Nice duds.
jerry: Sounds like you're throwing a lot of their money around.
jerry: What kind of show am I gonna do in Japan?
jerry: Forget it! The pilot was awful. It failed.
jerry: No. That's what makes it such a humorous situation.
jerry: (flexing his fingers) Sorry. My hand is numb.
jerry: (throws out his hands) What does he listen to? The all Desperado station?
jerry: You know, what you need is a song you can share.
jerry: Okay. So, is there any song that you feel very strongly about?
jerry: Witchy Woman?
jerry: (getting it) Ahh. Wit-chay Woman.
jerry: Hey. How was the Rainbow Room?
jerry: Ah.
jerry: What for?
jerry: I thought they all had suites at the Plaza?
jerry: Well, what about all that money from the kimonos I wear?
jerry: You have them sleeping in drawers?!
jerry: This has 'international incident' written all over it.
jerry: What is this?
jerry: Ah. It's a lovely little bureau and breakfast you're running. Well, I'm off to the bank.
jerry: (leaving) Konichi-wa.
jerry: (calls) Hey, I'll take one.
jerry: Teddy Padillac. Long time, no see. (pointing at the umbrellas) What've you got in a push-button mini.
jerry: Bailed? C'mon, you knew I wanted to be a comedian. Besides, we had some good time. Remember Tropical Storm Renee?
jerry: Aw, it was so many years ago. Who cares?
jerry: So, could I...
jerry: Could I just buy an umbrella?
jerry: (shock) What?!
jerry: Oh, hi Brett.
jerry: Ah, I didn't have enough money.
jerry: No, it's not that, it's the...
jerry: Oh no, look at the checks! Hours of hard work ruined!
jerry: No, it's not the money. It's my hand. It's crippled from writing and writing.
jerry: (bitter) Not at the moment, Brett.
jerry: (sarcastic) Thanks for stopping!
jerry: Boogeyman.
jerry: I'm quite sure. Anyway, any luck getting together on a song?
jerry: (negative) Eehh.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Really? They bought the butler character?
jerry: NBC?
jerry: Ah. But they told us we must go now.
jerry: Hey, George, do me a favour. If they make you an offer, whatever it is. (vehement) Just take it!
jerry: Who?
jerry: (to himself) Last one.
jerry: (agonised) Uugh! Ahh.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: (kidding) Uncle Leo?
jerry: Alright, alright. I'll wake 'em up.
jerry: (to himself) Hmm, testy.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: It's stuck. (pained) Oww! The steam from the hot-tub musta warped the wood.
jerry: I'm trying. I can't get a grip. My hand's had kind of a bad week.
jerry: (looks round) Don't worry, I'll get you out.
jerry: (apologetically) Brett, I'm, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to hit you in the head with.. an axe.
jerry: (defensive) At least it was just the handle!
jerry: Fleckman?
jerry: I guess we like to think we've progressed beyond a knife fight for a citrus drink.
jerry: Restaurants too?
jerry: Yea especially Ziti, with that big hole.
jerry: Tell him forty and no fork.
jerry: How about we leave and, come back in a week?
jerry: Wow. Kenny Rogers Roasters. Finally open. Hey, look at the size of that neon chicken on the roof.
jerry: He is the gambler.
jerry: Try and stay calm.
jerry: Seth! Wow what has it been like five years?
jerry: You wanna grab lunch?
jerry: Seth, it's me. What's more important than catching up with an old college buddy?
jerry: Blow it off. Remember Poli Sci? How many of those did we go to?
jerry: Hey whatever happened to Moochie?
jerry: Is that right?
jerry: Good, as a matter of fact. I almost had my own show in Japan.
jerry: No
jerry: I don't know. So what's this job of yours?
jerry: Mmmm.
jerry: The, the meeting you blew off?
jerry: Wasn't that kind of important?
jerry: You use a Water Pik?
jerry: So you go in the bathroom at eleven your in bed by what, two?
jerry: Hello. Anybody?
jerry: Hey. Why didn't cha get the big one?
jerry: I don't believe it.
jerry: Ahh, too bad you got a little, George Costanza thing going on.
jerry: That's a date?
jerry: How do you make sure your gonna get to the third date?
jerry: That is so old. Why don't you show up at her door in a wood horse?
"jerry: (sings theme) ""By Mennen.""  What the?..."
jerry: What's going on in there?
jerry: That light!
jerry: Can't you shut the shades?
jerry: Oh yeah? What'd he have to say?
jerry: Seth, if you knew the meeting was so important why did you go the lunch with me?
jerry: I only knew you through Moochie.
jerry: Um, actually I haven't read Tank McNamara yet. (takes the paper back)
jerry: How's life on the red planet? (shuts door)
jerry: Well, did you go down to the Kenny Rogers and complain?
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: That, that's tomato juice.
jerry: I don't know Kramer, ahh, my concern is that ....
jerry: ..living together after a while we... we might start to get on each others nerves a little.
jerry: Or I could sleep in the park? You could knock these walls down, make it an eight room luxury suite.
jerry: Yea, that's no good.
jerry: How you gonna do that?
jerry: Seth?
jerry: I think your taking the trash out for this chicken place, but that couldn't be.
jerry: But your were an executive, this is fast food.
jerry: That's not going to be good for anybody.
jerry: Look Kramer, i-i-if I'm gonna live over there, y-y-you gotta take some of this stuff out. I mean this thing is really freaking me out (holds up a ventriloquist dummy). I feel like its gonna come to life in the middle of the night and kill me.
jerry: And one other thing, I don't want Newman using my...
jerry: Oh no.
jerry: Well don't get too comfortable. As soon as Seth gets a real job you two are gong back in that chicken supernova.
jerry: (Thinking) What is that creaking, its like I'm in the hold of a ship. Gotta relax.
jerry: (startled - eyes wide open) Hello, is somebody there? (scurrying sound) Mr.- Mr. Marbles?
jerry: Hey buddy. I'm on no sleep, no sleep!. You don't know what it's like in there, all night long things are creaking and cracking. And that red light is burning my brain!
jerry: Oh I'm stressed! (makes like Kramer, outstretching his arm. Jerry heads for the freezer for some ice cream.)
jerry: You know my friend Bob Sacamano?
jerry: Well, he called last night about 3 a.m. and we got to talking, he sells Russian hats down at battery park, forty bucks.
jerry: No, but the difference is negligible.
jerry: Giddee up!
jerry: Seth, you're the manager, can't you turn off that sign?
jerry: Hello Newman.
jerry: Hold it. Broccoli? Newman, you wouldn't eat broccoli if it was deep fried in chocolate sauce.
jerry: Really? Then maybe you'd like to have a piece?
jerry: It's Kramer isn't it? I knew it!  The greasy door knob the constant licking of the fingers, he's hooked to the chicken isn't he?
jerry: Expecting Newman? That's funny because I just happened upon him down at the Kenny Roger's Roasters.
jerry: He was buying quite a load of chicken, almost for two people ...
jerry: ... as long as one of them is not him.
jerry: Uh-ha.
jerry: I sure do miss my apartment. Maybe I'll switch back.
jerry: I don't think you will. As a matter of fact I'll save you the trouble. I'll do it myself.
jerry: All right. (opens door - Red light floods hallway - a buzzing sound emanates.)
jerry: You got a little problem.
jerry: Hey Seth. Man it is coming down hard out there.
jerry: Oh, gross. That's not gonna be good for business.
jerry: Home at last. Ahhhh. (light turns off)
jerry: Is someone there?
jerry: Mr. Marbles?
jerry: Why are we flyin' over the Andes?
jerry: Kramer.
jerry: No.
jerry: Kramer's got more muscle, higher protein content. It's better for you.
jerry: That's very nice, I guess.
jerry: Look, if other people are having some, I'll try you.
jerry: Can I have a piece of that?
jerry: Six weeks?
jerry: Well, so what? you've gone six weeks before.
jerry: Well, so, are you gonna break up with her?
jerry: What guys?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I thought the whole dream of dating a doctor was debunked.
jerry: Isn't bunk bad? Like, that's a lot of bunk.
jerry: What?
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Oh hi, Katie.
jerry: I've heard of Ohio, Katie. But Tuesday's no good. I'm doin' career day at my old junior high.
jerry: Yes, all right, Katie.
jerry: Yes, bye.
jerry: Yeah, it's no big deal.
jerry: And you were integral.
jerry: I'm on next, right?
jerry: The guy with the lizard.
jerry: I'm getting bumped? You're bumping me from career day?
jerry: So you're enjoying the not enjoying.
jerry: I'm finding that out. (Kramer enters)
jerry: Ah, I didn't get on. The lizard guy went long.
jerry: It was a mix-up, I'm sure.
jerry: Now why would a junior high school want to screw with my head?
jerry: You can make all the laws you want, he's still gonna bother people.
jerry: No, let's just do it. (Fire alarm goes off) What? What is going on? What is that about?
jerry: But I was promised this slot.
jerry: Fire drill, can you believe that?
jerry: Like fire in a school is such a big deal. (Kramer enters)
jerry: Middle drawer.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Oh hi, Katie.
jerry: Oh relax, Katie. It's not a problem.
jerry: No, I don't have any ashtrays.
jerry: No, Katie, don't-- (He hangs up phone)
jerry: Is this a repeat?
jerry: Louise! That's what's doin' it. You're no longer pre-occupied with sex, so your mind is able to focus.
jerry: Yeah. I mean, let's say this is your brain. (Holds lettuce head) Okay, from what I know about you, your brain consists of two parts the intellect, represented here (Pulls off tiny piece of lettuce), and the part obsessed with sex. (Shows large piece) Now granted, you have extracted an astonishing amount from this little scrap. But with no-sex-Louise, this previously useless lump, is now functioning for the first time in its existence. (Eats tiny piece of lettuce)
jerry: What is goin' on in there?
jerry: Why?
jerry: It doesn't?
jerry: All right.
jerry: Hey. Wh-What'd you got, a smoker's lounge in there?
jerry: I was out.
jerry: An assembly?
jerry: I understand. But what am I gonna talk about for two hours?
jerry: Superfreak?
jerry: ...so if you like to tell jokes, and love to make people laugh, stand-up comedy may be the career for you.
jerry: How am I gonna fill two hours?
jerry: And give you the chance to see some real disappointed kids. (Waitress comes to table)
jerry: Are you all right?
jerry: Wait a second, I know what's happening. The no sex thing is having a reverse effect on you.
jerry: To a woman, sex is like the garbage man. You just take for granted the fact that any time you put some trash out on the street, a guy in a jumpsuit's gonna come along and pick it up. But now, it's like a garbage strike. The bags are piling up in your head. The sidewalk is blocked. Nothing's getting through. You're stupid.
jerry: Exactly.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What? What happened to your face? It looks like an old catcher's mitt.
jerry: It's from all that smoke. You've experienced a lifetime of smoking in 72 hours. What did you expect?
jerry: And your teeth, your teeth are all brown.
jerry: So what did you do?
jerry: But ultimately, you're gonna choose in favor of sex, right?
jerry: You mean, not subjecting yourself to your sexual advances.
jerry: So you're never gonna have sex again?
jerry: So you ready for the assembly tomorrow? You know what you're gonna say about the Yankees?
jerry: I wrote a 20 minute bit about how homework stinks.
jerry: How ya doin'?
jerry: Well, don't worry about it. Once he passes the test, you'll have sex again, and you'll be fine.
jerry: What for? Oh come on.
jerry: I think it has something to do with me.
jerry: (thinks about it for a second as to reconsider) No, no, no. I'm sorry, it's too weird.
jerry: Where have you been? You know, you're on next.
jerry: Got lost? We went to school here for three years.
jerry: Oh my God. You had sex. You had sex with Louise!
jerry: The Portuguese waitress?
jerry: Then what'd you come down here for?
jerry: It's good to have you back.
jerry: All right, I'll do it. (Goes on stage) Hey kids. What's the deal with homework? you're not working on your home! (Audience boos)
jerry: Cancelled? But I was supposed to be on tomorrow night.
jerry: Actually, it was a ********.
jerry: Jerry.
jerry: (Gets up) Get out!
jerry: (Looks around his apartment) Is it better than mine?
jerry: So, it's a two-bedroom-one-bath-make-your-friends-hate-ya?
jerry: She's out.
jerry: Yeah, well, they like to call it a set-up now. I guess the blind people don't like being associated with all those losers.
jerry: I can't. I'm meeting Kramer down at my mini-storage.
jerry: (Grabs his coat) Oh, this is really annoying.
jerry: (Disgusted) What is with that?!
jerry: (Takes out his key to unlock the unit door) Where is your key?
jerry: You know, Kramer, I rented out half of my space to you.
jerry: (Picks one up) Mail bags? He's storing mail in here?
jerry: (Talking to Elaine) You ate more bread?
jerry: Did you find out who stabbed him?
jerry: (Like a father) Well, you're not going near this hooligan anymore.
jerry: (Sarcastic) Yeah, too bad he didn't get shot. He could have been the one.
jerry: There is now. Kramer, you should really get that cough checked out by a doctor.
jerry: (In awe. Whispering) The botched it?
jerry: Hey. How's the new place?!
jerry: (Correcting her) Edmund Fitzgerald.
jerry: (Gives Elaine a look) No, Gordon Lightfoot was the singer. Edmund Fitzgerald was the ship.
jerry: (Sarcastic) Yeah, and it was rammed by the Cat Stevens.
jerry: Hey, uh, before you go, did you talk to Newman about getting that mail outta there?
jerry: Newman?
jerry: Listen, I want you to get the mail outta my storage unit.
jerry: (Confused) What are you talking about?
"jerry: ""Transfer""?"
jerry: You quit the post office?
jerry: Well, get it out of my storage. It's illegal.
jerry: (Cheerfully) Well, a law's a law. (Leaves)
jerry: There was another crazed ex-girlfriend?
jerry: Mmm.. Bad how?
jerry: (Nods) I follow. So what are you gonna do?
jerry: (Agreeing) What's more important?
"jerry: You know, if this tenant board is so impressed with suffering, maybe you should tell them the ""Astonishing Tales of Costanza""."
jerry: I mean, your body of work in this field is unparalleled.
jerry: You're the man!
jerry: I'm with people, I'll be with you in a moment. (Slams the door on Newman's face. Then tries to delay talking to Newman by keeping the conversation with George going) So, you want a protein shake, or something?
jerry: (Angered) Hello.. Newman.
jerry: What's the difference?
jerry: Well, go ahead. There's 8 bags of it.
jerry: You're giving up that easy?
jerry: (Stopping him) No, wait a minute, Newman! You can't let this dream die. You moving away is my dream too!
jerry: (Fast) Whatever it takes, for as long as it takes me, where ever it takes me as long as it takes you away from me!
jerry: (Confirming) An alliance. (They both shake hands and laugh evily) Now get the hell outta here. (Newman leaves)
jerry: (Like an Army general) Elaine, Newman is my sworn enemy. And he lives down the hall from my home - my home, Elaine! Where I sleep, where I come to play with my toys.
"jerry: ""Big head"" (Scoffs) That's almost a compliment."
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Hey, George.
jerry: You can't make it?
jerry: Alright. (Hangs up)
jerry: (Saddened) Doesn't look like it's gonna happen.
jerry: Kramer, aren't you taking any medication for that?
jerry: (Takes the bottle from him) Just swallow 'em.
jerry: Alright, sit down, sit down. (Grabs a pill from the bottle, and starts advancing tward Kramer - like an owner with his dog)
jerry: C'mon. Just sit down!
jerry: Sit down! Sit down!
jerry: Lean your head back. Open your mouth! (Grabs Kramer's head) Open your mouth! Open it! Open it!
"jerry: (Reads the pill bottle) What kind of pills are these, anyways?! ""For Smuckers""? ""May cause panting and loss of fur""? (Turns to Kramer) These are dog pills!"
jerry: But, he's a dog! You need to see a real doctor.
jerry: Alright.. (Heads for the door, grabbing his coat)
jerry: I'm taking the car. I gotta run some errands. You want to go?
jerry: (Opens the door) C'mon, you wanna go for a ride? (Starts jiggling his keys - as if he's calling out for a dog) Huh? C'mon! C'mon!
jerry: Kramer, outta the car. Out, now!
jerry: Alright, that's it.. (Grabs Kramer, trying to pull him out of the car)
jerry: Hey, hey! Get back over here! Kramer! Get over here! You are bad! Bad neighbor! Kramer!
jerry: Newman, how'd it go? Did you get it all delivered? (Sees the pac) What happened?
jerry: Bit you?!
jerry: (Bravely) Well, what if I deliver it?
jerry: Well, why not?
jerry: What am I gonna wear?
jerry: (Excited) I can't believe I'm gonna be a mailman!
jerry: (Hands him some mail) There you go. Merry Chirstmas!
jerry: (Shrugs) Oops. (Continues walking along the route, whistling. Hands a newspaper to a homeless bum on the street, then keeps walking)
"jerry: Hey, I've been trying to jam stuff in the box, like you told me, but sometimes it says, like, ""Photographs - Do not bend""."
jerry: What?
jerry: How did they know?!
jerry: (Pleading) I tried my best!
jerry: You know, this is your coat.
jerry: Boy, he didn't know what he was up against. (George laughs) So, when do you move into the apartment?
jerry: What's the matter with you?
jerry: What giant freak-head?
jerry: So, it's actually gotten to you? You're playing right into his hands!
jerry: (Casually, sarcastic) Either way.
jerry: So what happened to you yesterday? We were supposed to go to the auto show, I waited for you, you never came.
jerry: Five minutes.
jerry: What's the difference? You never showed up.
jerry: Well, we barely knew the guy.
jerry: That's the way it works.
jerry: I told him to meet us here in ten minutes. How long has it been?
jerry: That's enough. (They leave. George comes around the corner.)
jerry: How did you know about that?
jerry: He can't do that.
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Fantastic.
jerry: You're still doing that?
jerry: When you feel guilty.
jerry: What are you gonna do there?
jerry: Yes, I know, I know.
jerry: It was a mistake, the bank sent me the wrong ones.
jerry: Is he from the future?
jerry: Again, I'm really sorry about the check, Marcelino.
jerry: But it's your bodega.
jerry: You asked her out?
jerry: How could you ask her out?
jerry: I remember when you wouldn't date that girl who lived in Queens because you didn't want to go over the bridge!
jerry: I'll say.
jerry: Conjugal visit?
jerry: George is dating a convict.
jerry: Yeah, sure. You don't even have a fridge, do you?
jerry: Kramer, Kramer, wait a minute, what the hell is that?
jerry: I sense something is afoot.
jerry: Allow me. What are you, an idiot?
jerry: (sits up in bed) Oh what...
"jerry: Is that your ""chicken"" making all that noise?"
jerry: Who?
jerry: Thanks, that's very sweet, but that is not, a chicken.
jerry: Well, you picked out a rooster.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: I'm not having money problems.
jerry: I'm not calling Ed Roydlick. I'm doing fine!
jerry: You are NOT sending me fifty dollars!
jerry: Ma! Ma! MAAA! (Hangs up the phone in disgust.) Oh, ahhhh (sighs quietly)
jerry: Good.
jerry: I thought you were going out with Celia?
jerry: Having her in jail.
jerry: Yeah, dating a convicted felon. I don't know how you missed it.
jerry: Huh. Kurt's an organ donor.
jerry: So he just shaves his head for no reason?
jerry: It's just hair.
jerry: It's brown.
jerry: So?
jerry: So Marcelino's going to take down the check?
jerry: Great! (realizing) What?
jerry: Ah ha...
jerry: Kramer, cockfighting is illegal.
jerry: It's inhumane!
jerry: It's two roosters peckin' at each other!
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: No Kramer, Little Jerry could get hurt.
jerry: Hey, did you get Little Jerry, is he O.K.?
jerry: You let him fight?
jerry: How long do they usually last?
jerry: Great!
jerry: I'm too tired.
jerry: O.K. (Kramer leaves.)
jerry: Ah, I'm so sorry.
jerry: In other words, a normal relationship.
jerry: Well, she'll still be an ex-con.
jerry: Hey, if you two are meant to be together...I'm sure the cops'll pick her up on something.
jerry: Then what is my check still doing up? We had a deal!
jerry: New deal?
jerry: This is Outrageous! (To Marcelino) Pack of Juicy Fruit.
jerry: 85 cents? That is Outrageous!
jerry: Kramer, Marcelino wants us to sell him Little Jerry Seinfeld.
jerry: But Kramer, cockfighting is an illegal and immoral activity.
jerry: No, no more cockfighting. Let's just sell him to Marcelino the cockfighter and be done with it!
jerry: Of what?
jerry: Kramer, give me that rooster!
jerry: Kramer won't sell.
jerry: Oh well, thank you, Marcelino.
jerry: You want Little Jerry to take a dive?
jerry: First of all, I don't think you can make a rooster take a dive.
jerry: Second of all, Jerry Seinfeld - big or little - doesn't go down for anyone, anywhere, at anytime! Now I'd appreciate it if you please leave.
jerry: We'll see about that. (Runs to the window and shouts up to Kramer, who's on the roof.) Kramer, I'm comin' up! We got a cockfight to win!
jerry: Yeah. Alright, I think that's enough for today. (Kramer picks up Little Jerry and takes him to the sink.) Little Jerry is lean, mean, peckin' machine! (Kramer starts filling a pot with water.) What are you doing with that?
jerry: Hey, Kramer...?
jerry: Be careful.
jerry: Hey, guess what! Little Jerry ran from here to Newman's in under thirty seconds!
jerry: I don't know. Where have you been?
jerry: Oh my God! The break-out/pop-in!
jerry: Marriage is a big step, Elaine. Your life'll totally change.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Where's Celia?
jerry: hmm. (nodding head)
jerry: Hey, how's he doin'?
jerry: Look at the size of his bird!
jerry: He's a ringer!
jerry: Kra _ mer!
jerry: Well, I'm upset, but we'll make the most of it.
jerry: Huh. So, I guess your travel miles are about to expire.
jerry: Am I finally getting a baby brother?
jerry: What? The Cadillac I bought for you?
jerry: Aw, c'mon, you love that car. What about the Northstar system?
jerry: Well, it's a gift and I want you to keep it.
jerry: Wh..why didn't you tell me before you sold it?
jerry: (exasperated) Ugh.
jerry: Kramer.
jerry: We're in the middle of a discussion here.
jerry: You sold my Cadillac to Jack Klompus?
jerry: (getting worked up) I don't need the money.
jerry: (animated) Oh, is that what this is all about?! I bounce a cheque and you sold a Cadillac?!
jerry: (sits on the back of the couch) Oh my god.
jerry: Yeah, when it's your money, it's fascinating.
jerry: That Arabian is strong coffee.
jerry: What?
jerry: And you misinterpret this how?
jerry: I'm sure she was just being nice, buying you the coffee.
jerry: You're crazy.
jerry: George.
jerry: I'm flying down to Florida tomorrow.
jerry: They lied to me about selling the car. I'll lie to them about buying it back. They think they can dump six grand on me? Think again.
jerry: Excuse me?
jerry: Come on, your parents have money.
jerry: When did they ever spend any money?
jerry: What are their living expenses?
jerry: Where do they ever go on vacation?
jerry: Few hundred grand?
jerry: Course you may not see it for twenty years.
jerry: Does your father still eat bacon and eggs every day?
jerry: How's your family history?
jerry: Really?
jerry: So listen, I gotta go down to Atlantic City. I'm performing at Bally's.
jerry: (pulling on a jacket) They had a cancellation and they instantly called me.
jerry: Carrot Top. I told you, my career's fine.
jerry: I wanna buy back the Cadillac.
jerry: (reaching into his pocket) Alright, I'll give you nine thousand for it.
jerry: You bought it for six!
jerry: (standing) How much d'you want for it?
jerry: Fourteen thousand.
jerry: I got your message, (sitting) so I came straight from Atlantic City.
jerry: (extemporising) Well, I can't stay under my own name. I was registered under Slappy White.
jerry: Hello.
jerry: (quiet) Huh. Alright.
jerry: (extemporising) That was the Golden Nugget. Also in Atlantic City. They heard such good things about my show at Bally's, they want me for tonight. So I'll have to repack, and go.
jerry: I live in New York. (slams the cab door) What the hell happened?
jerry: What did you do?
jerry: (exasperation) You are such an idiot. Well, we gotta get the car cleaned up for my parents.
jerry: My car? You drove it into the swamp!
jerry: (smiling with pleasure) You know, that almost makes this all worthwhile.
jerry: Well, I uh, maxed out my credit cards, and I don't have enough cash for a hotel room. So...
jerry: Well...
jerry: You didn't like that crack about the pen.
jerry: Mmm-mmm-mmm. That means, if you still had those stock options...
jerry: Elaine, I'm sure George is just being sympathetic.
jerry: You're not alone. I'm practically broke.
jerry: No. But, I did blow over twenty thousand on that Cadillac.
jerry: Well, you seem happy.
jerry: Actually, I haven't heard from 'em yet.
jerry: 'The ocean called, They're running outta shrimp'?
jerry: (smiling) Really? That's great. You said that to him?
jerry: Oh. That's not quite the same.
jerry: I'm gonna grab a can of balls.
jerry: I need a can of balls.
jerry: No.
jerry: (reading) 'I, Cosmo Kramer, having just seen the movie The Other Side Of Darkness, and not wanting to be in a coma like that lady in the movie, hereby want Jerry Seinfeld to remove my life support, feeding machine, lung-blower, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera.'
jerry: Well, I don't if what you have here constitutes a legally binding document.
jerry: Yes, well, of course, but, even so, you may wanna talk to a lawyer.
jerry: Yeah. (hands racquet to Kramer) I wasn't gonna get it, but this guy Milos, who runs the pro shop, he really recommended it.
jerry: In fact, it's the only racquet he plays with.
jerry: (accusingly) Hey, this is the zee page of my address book.
jerry: He called you?
jerry: To a guy you've never met? (mild sarcasm) Your screening process is getting ever more rigorous.
jerry: (pulling on a jacket) Mmm-hmm.
jerry: George used up all my guest passes already.
jerry: Come on.
jerry: (tossing the ball) Here you go.
jerry: (disbelief) Milos?
jerry: Elaine, I paid two hundred dollars for this racquet, because he said it's the only one he plays with. He could've played just as well with a log.
jerry: Kramer wants to die with dignity.
jerry: D'you get someone to take that Canadian quarter?
jerry: George was scarfing shrimp at this meeting, and this guy says 'Hey, George, the ocean called. They're running outta shrimp.'
jerry: (taps George's chest) Hey, here you go. 'Hey, Reilly. The zoo called. You're due back by six.'
jerry: Yeah, it's still got some spring in the strings.
jerry: Trust me, Kramer. Given the legal opportunity, I will kill you.
jerry: Hello Milos.
jerry: (animated) You know, I spent two hundred dollars on a racquet because I thought you knew what you were talking about.
jerry: You can't even play.
jerry: You could do that?
jerry: (indicating the woman) Game, set and match, huh Milos?
jerry: (animated) You know what Milos, I don't even care about the money. I just feel like I was taken by the worst tennis player I...
jerry: (doubtful) Yeah, you'll make it up to me.
jerry: Tennis, anyone?
jerry: Hello. Didn't I see you at the pro shop yesterday?
jerry: (to himself) Hoh, that Milos. (to Patty) Well uh, what shall we do, uhm, care for a cup of coffee?
jerry: (surprised) Alright.
jerry: (to himself) Gotta be an easier way.
jerry: So, you play tennis?
jerry: Not for me, I love chatting.
jerry: Who?
jerry: (shocked) Your husband?!
jerry: (explanation) He's new around here.
jerry: (walking away) Well, I didn't sleep with her.
jerry: (weary) Yes, George, because of society. So how did the big meeting turn out?
jerry: Ah, you're better off. Now you can just let it go.
jerry: You never really had the right comeback, anyway.
jerry: I didn't know it was possible not to know that.
jerry: Milos, I can assure you, I had no intention of telling anyone about your unbelievably bad tennis playing.
jerry: I guess that's a risk you run when you dabble in the flesh trade.
jerry: (reluctant) Well, I'll do it as long as there's no other girls around. I mean, I wanna be a man too.
jerry: So you hurt Vincent's feelings?
jerry: (taking the envelope) Wh..What's this?
jerry: (examining the button) Boy, look how far back it goes. It's like a tooth.
jerry: (nonplused) You're flying to Akron, just to zing a guy?
jerry: Too good.
jerry: You're on fire today.
jerry: (quietly) Hey, uh, Milos, I don't mind rolling over here, but could you lighten up on the 'not a man' stuff?
jerry: (quietly) I told you to cut it out.
jerry: He's been sleeping a lot. He's still groggy.
jerry: What happened to Vincent?
jerry: So what's the great moment? You're on your death bed, they're pounding on your chest - and you're going 10, 9, 8,.. I told you this thing was good!
jerry: I know.. How about dessert?
jerry: Why?
jerry: What? Today? Really?
jerry: Yeah. And she picked the day!
jerry: No, she's great! She's.. attractive, she's fun..
jerry: She's not Lincoln.
jerry: I'll pass.
jerry: Does it ever bother you that this organization-
jerry: is beating the bushes-
jerry: to basically give this money away-
jerry: to virtually anyone, as long as they're not you?
jerry: Wow. That's great! When it comes out, I'll have to get someone to ghost read it.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: The Van Buren Boys? There's a street gang named after President Martin Van Buren?
jerry: Well, what does that mean?
jerry: (Sympathetically) She coming of a bad break-up?
jerry: Any messages?
jerry: They act like it was some act of charity. Just going out with her.
jerry: There is no way Ellen is the loser of that group.
jerry: No, I'm being as superficial as I possibly can!
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: Is he smart?
jerry: Hey! Just like you pretend to be.
jerry: I had a dream last night that a hamburger was eating me!
jerry: Is that the same outfit you were wearing yesterday?
jerry: Actually, yeah. (Pause) Wait a second! Is that the fork that fell on the floor?! (Dramatically) Are you using the fork that fell on the floor?!
jerry: I guess that's all right.
jerry: No, absolutely nothing. (They get up to leave) You're fantastic! (They meet up with Kramer and George on the way out) Hey guys!
jerry: (Gesturing to Ellen) Kramer, George, this is Ellen.
jerry: So you're denying him the scholarship just because he wants to be a city planner?
jerry: You know, maybe philanthropy is not your field. (Phone rings, he answers it) Hello. Oh, Hi, Ellen. Yeah, I called the hotel.. we're all set for the weekend.
jerry: (To George, in a 'cha-ching!' motion) Vermont! (To Ellen) With any luck, they said we could stay an extra couple of days if we want to! (George is disturbed. He gets up, goes go Kramer's door, and knocks. They talk) Four days at a beautiful bed-and-breakfast! I can't wait.. buy-bye. (Hangs up. George and Kramer come into Jerry's apartment, confronting him) What? (George takes the phone off the hook) What is this?
jerry: What?!
jerry: Where is this coming from? She's great!
jerry: There's nothing wrong with my career!
jerry: (Fed up) Alright! Excuse me! (Gets up) I'm not buying any of this!
jerry: You know, this is liek that Twilight Zone where the guy wakes up, and he's the same - but everyone else is different!
jerry: They were all like that!
jerry: Is my toaster oven on there?
jerry: Well, just shape them - change them. You're a writer.
jerry: Make them interesting.
jerry: Well, I gotta go to the airport. I'm picking up my parents.
jerry: Yeah. I'm flying them in to meet Ellen. I don't know where to turn! I gotta see what they think of her.
jerry: I don't think so. I'm gonna try to get them to fly right back tonight.
jerry: Kramer, this is awful! We don't want to hear about this!
jerry: What?
jerry: (To his parents) So? What do you think?
jerry: I knew it! I'm not crazy.
jerry: (After seeing how much his parents like her) Now, I'm not so sure.
jerry: yeah, Amber.. I wonder if she's back from Vegas..
jerry: Well, it's not Daylight Savings Time yet.
jerry: (pause) I don't know, they just tell you the night before.
jerry: (under breath) Oh, I'm sure that won't cause any problems..
jerry: Oh, god, it's Mike Moffit..
jerry: I'm not a phony an' I don't want anything to do with this guy.
jerry: Fine. An' I'm not just sayin' that..
jerry: No openings in arson?
jerry: I'm feelin' a bit queasy myself. Maybe I'll see you in another five years. (casually leaves)
jerry: I don't see you as a Susie. Sharon maybe.
jerry: Who are you describing?
jerry: Named Sharon?
jerry: Kind of a Yankee prom?
jerry: You taking Allison?
jerry: Live?
jerry: Oh, lithe!
jerry: It can't be worse than this.
jerry: She wants to talk.
jerry: Nobody needs to talk.
jerry: What'd ya do?
jerry: (pause) All night?!
jerry: And she wants to break up with you..
"jerry: Uh-oh. ""Everybody breaks up at Pomodoro's."""
jerry: You really like this girl.
jerry: You've made some Fine Exits.
jerry: So what do you do? You can't keep avoiding her.
jerry: What for?
"jerry: But I don't want any ""sweet action."""
jerry: So you put down my money?!
jerry: Not (with) that, no..
jerry: George, pick up. I know you're screening for Allison.
jerry: So, coffee shop?
jerry: (ironic outrage) The nerve. Talkin' about ya behind your back--and right to your face!
jerry: No. No Suze.
jerry: Who are you describin'?
jerry: Named Suze?
jerry: Hey, I thought you went to the game.
jerry: Wait. Way--way--way--way--way--way--wait! Who?!
jerry: Hey--hey--hey--wait, wait, wait, wait! What happened!
"jerry: Well--wait--wait--wait--wait! What do you mean ""involved""?!"
jerry: Can you believe that?
jerry: What--of course, without Reggie Miller, it's a blowout!
jerry: On what?!
jerry: Yeah, all right.
jerry: (not) Oh. Too Bad.
jerry: (singing) Believe it or not, Geooorge isn't at home.
jerry: Hey Mike.. How 'bout those Knicks?
jerry: Why not?
"jerry: Mike. You say you're a bookie? You take a bet an' then you can't pay? I don't know, Mike, to me it sounds a little, how you say.. ""Phony""?"
jerry: You know, you're supposed to be the Bookie. Act like one.
jerry: (trying to shut the trunk hood) Something wrong with this trunk.
jerry: Well why doesn't he just come in?
jerry: Why is he scared.
jerry: Yeah, but--
jerry: It was an accident.
jerry: (hands up) I don't want it that way.
jerry: (whatever) Fine..
jerry: Ah, it's just a car.
jerry: (wistful) I don't know, I just see you guys together.
jerry: So Peterman bought it? I can't believe you got away with that!
jerry: Yeah, I know how you feel.
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh, the trunk's broken, it's rattling.
jerry: Well, there's only one thing to do. Eliminate her.
jerry: (firmly matter-of-fact) Get Rid of Susie. Make her disappear.
jerry: She's Gooone.
jerry: (impatient) Gone! (starts maniacally laughing) (briefly stops to point and explain) That bumper sticker.
jerry: (quiet) Where did Susie find the time to meet all these people..
jerry: (privately amused) Suze? I actually had a little thing with her for a while. (indicating Elaine) Her too.
jerry: (proud to Peggy, under his breath) Yeah, but he didn't sleep with both of 'em. (winks)
jerry: (smugly, under-his-breath) Not only that, I broke his thumbs.
jerry: Morning.
jerry: (applying paste to brush) Ah, baking soda. Annoying little product. 'I can do this. I can do that.' Why doesn't this stuff just shut up?
jerry: Ooh-ooh
jerry: So? She used the toothbrush!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: How many years of med school did you have?
jerry: Jenna's like me. She's very... (searches for word)
jerry: I'll take fastidious.
jerry: What is that?
jerry: They don't actually have to squeeze his head to get him to say 'holy cow', do they?
jerry: Why didn't you pull over?
jerry: Bring it on. Nothing's throwing me at this point.
jerry: Oh, that adopt-a-highway thing.
jerry: Aw, looks just like you.
jerry: So what d'you have to do? Pay to keep it clean?
jerry: That old scam.
jerry: At the side of the road, with a pile of garbage.
jerry: You lost Phil Rizzuto's head?!
jerry: No.
jerry: Well, they're not here. You'll have to dig up your spare set.
jerry: So?
jerry: Well, I cleaned out their whole dental hygiene shelf.
jerry: By the time I'm through with her mouth, she'll be able to eat off it. Is it safe to drink bleach if you dilute it?
jerry: You didn't look down?
jerry: Poor son of a bitch.
jerry: It's a hundred thousand revolutions a second. It's the most powerful one they make.
jerry: The engine's made by McDonnell-Douglas.
jerry: Oh no, you keep going. It shuts off automatically.
jerry: (unheard by Jenna) When the battery runs out.
jerry: No, trust me, that one was doing more harm than good. Don't forget to use the Plax too.
jerry: I don't know anything about that.
jerry: That's the idea.
jerry: You know, maybe we better not. I, I think I'm getting a little cold. I don't wanna give you any of my germs.
jerry: She has a taint. I can't see it, but I know it's there.
jerry: Maybe if I could shrink myself down, like in Fantastic Voyage, and get inside a microscopic submarine, I could be sure. Although if there was something there, it might be pretty scary. Course, I would have that laser.
jerry: Being really clean and happy?
jerry: Disorder?
jerry: (thoughtful) Hmm, that could hurt me. (pointing out of window) Hey, there it is.
jerry: Nah, we've seen it.
jerry: What's with the signs?
jerry: Yeah, that stuff's all natural anyway.
jerry: Hey. So, keys?
jerry: I guess they leave that up to the general population.
jerry: Hard to say.
jerry: Yeah?
jerry: If you guys wouldn't mind, I would like to ward off dementia.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: Good. My cold's gone, and I've been looking forwards to kissing you, which I'm ready to do now, if you are ready.
jerry: Nothing. I just, I uh, I bruised my lip. I was drinking a Celray, and I brought it up too fast and I banged it into my lip, (lower voice and hurriedly) and then I knocked your toothbrush into the toilet and I wasn't able to tell you before you could use it.
jerry: I'm sorry.
jerry: Obviously never.
jerry: Kramer, I'm kind of in the middle of something. Would you get these signs out of here, please?
jerry: I wouldn't know where to start.
jerry: (knocking) Hey, Jenna. Hey!
jerry: What?! Wha... what'd you put in there?
jerry: Oh, man!
jerry: (into phone) Hello, Jenna, did you dunk the spatula? Was it the spatula? Hello? Dammit!
jerry: No. Could be anything. The whole apartment's a biohazard.
jerry: Yes, that is a definite possibility.
jerry: Are you just screwing with me?
jerry: Hey, how's life on the road?
jerry: I don't doubt it.
jerry: What's this?
jerry: Isn't that some kind of safety thing?
jerry: What the hell are you talking about?
jerry: (sarcasm) Yeah, in my toolshed, next to the riding mower.
jerry: One-Q? Whose apartment is that?
jerry: You're pretending to live in a janitor's closet, just to get this flounder?
jerry: Is the flounder here yet?
jerry: Nice. French doors'd really open this place up. Oh, but you have a slop-bucket.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Kramer's guys?
jerry: Oh that's nice, kind of a hard-labour fantasy camp.
jerry: I don't feel like eating.
jerry: Well, I thought it's about time we put aside all this silliness. I know now you didn't put anything in my toilet bowl. (pause) Did you?
jerry: Well, whatever. So, how've you been?
jerry: Good. (pause) Steak knife?
jerry: Nah.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: For what?
jerry: Dirt? That's alright, (for Jenna's benefit) because there's nothing wrong with dirt.
jerry: Grime, grease, filth, funk, ooze. Whatever it is, you take that stuff and put it right on my leather upholstery.
jerry: Sure. Bye.
jerry: There, you see? I just leant her my car, and she's gonna fill it with all sorts of... (he cracks) Alright! You win! That car was my last germ-free sanctuary. I slept there last night! Now, for the love of God, please, what is it? What is it?!
jerry: Toilet brush, oh (he pulls a 'Damn, shoulda guessed!' face). Alright, I can replace that.
jerry: Yeah. Let's uh, go to your place. Because I, threw out all my dishes.
jerry: That's true.
jerry: But, I'll tell you this much. I am never going to let some silly hygienic mishap get in the way of, what could be, a meaningful, long-lasting relationship.
jerry: I don't know what that could be.
jerry: Anyway, I'm a new man, and I'm looking towards the future. Clean, dirty, whatever.
jerry: Holy cow! Have a nice life.
jerry: You know at the movies, they show that little ad for the concession stand?
jerry: He's wailing on that banjo.
jerry: I just don't understand the raisinettes.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: The box of raisinettes runs up to the concession stand, buys another box of raisinettes.
jerry: Box of raisinettes eating another box of raisinettes? It's perverse.
jerry: Why's he dating a Pepsi? They're not having children.
jerry: Musicians. Get a real job.
jerry: (reading, unimpressed) Ohh, 'Number 1 Dad'.
jerry: (examining the label) Ooh, and it's in medium. Perfect.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Almost.
jerry: (reluctant) Kramer, I'm helping my parents move into their new condo. I'm gonna be busy.
jerry: (grudging) Alright.
jerry: (holding up the '# DAD' shirt) We're even.
jerry: (continuing to pack) That's a nice four seconds.
jerry: Maybe he has money.
jerry: (zipping up his bag) Sometimes you do.
jerry: (picking up his bag and coat) Who's she dating? Mr Peanut?
jerry: Stairmaster?
jerry: Nothin'.
jerry: Oh, did you get that outta my bag?
jerry: You know, I bought you a Cadillac. Twice.
jerry: I could, but I choose not to.
jerry: (protesting) I..I didn't say that.
jerry: (smiles) Actually, I am a comedian.
jerry: (jocular) Eighteen-fifties?
jerry: (reluctant) Mr Mandelbaum, I...
jerry: (consenting) Alright.
jerry: There. Alright?
jerry: (defensive) He egged me on.
jerry: He's eighty!
jerry: (smiling) Alright. Seven-thirty, got the place to myself.
jerry: Ah, you must be Kramer's guys. (indicating) Come on in. You got the cigars?
jerry: Kramer said I was supposed to bring him back some Cubans.
jerry: (animated) They're real Cubans?! They're human beings, from Cuba?!
jerry: Cigars!
jerry: (incredulous) You're making your own cigars now?
jerry: (to Kramer) Hold on a second. (to Morty) Hiya dad.
jerry: They're Cuban cigar rollers.
jerry: What is that bubbling sound? Are you making your tomato sauce?
jerry: (accusing) You're not wearing a shirt, are you?
jerry: What colour is it?
jerry: This is quite a condo.
jerry: The crepe place?
jerry: (doubtful) There's crepe money?
jerry: (apologetic) Aw, Mr Mandelbaum, I just wanted to come by and tell you how sorry I was that you hurt yourself.
jerry: What?
jerry: Mr Mandelbaum, please.
jerry: I think I saw one a coupla doors down.
jerry: (disbelief) So she wanted you to come up, but you left because you thought some guy might be calling you?!
jerry: (pointing out the obvious) George, you've got Danielle. Forget about Neil. You've out-Neiled him.
jerry: I don't know, but you better keep it up.
jerry: (to himself) I try to take a vacation, I come back, the whole operation's a shambles. (answers phone) Hello.
jerry: I will, I just walked in the door.
jerry: Ma.
jerry: What?
jerry: So?
jerry: What's the difference?
jerry: (confused) We're talking about people, right?
jerry: I thought they smelled pretty nice.
jerry: Is not.
jerry: Is not.
jerry: I'm not having this conversation.
jerry: Am not.
jerry: Am not.
jerry: Again, Mr Mandelbaum, this back specialist is supposed to be the best. So if there's anything else I can do, please don't hesitate to, uh, try and find my number.
jerry: (humouring him) That's very nice.
jerry: Well, I don't know how official any of these rankings really are.
jerry: (surprise) This is your son?
jerry: (jocular) You got any kids?
jerry: (trying to defuse the situation) Look, no-one is lifting anything.
jerry: (under his breath) Oh no.
jerry: (laconic) We're already in a hospital.
jerry: (incredulous) You asked her to move in with you?
jerry: (musing) What if it's Neil Armstrong?
jerry: What if it's Neil Diamond?
jerry: Alright, I gotta go back to the hospital.
jerry: No, I got into a thing with the son, and now he's laid up too.
jerry: I think he's the same age as the father.
jerry: I dunno. It's like, if one of 'em dies, the other one wants to bench press the casket.
jerry: You're cold?
jerry: Something wrong with your chest?
jerry: (leaning round Kramer) Where?
jerry: Aren't they supposed to be rolling cigars?
jerry: Boy, they seem pretty angry about something.
jerry: I swear to you, I didn't know they TV was bolted to the table.
jerry: He couldn't handle the weight.
jerry: (placatory) Look, let me just state for the record, I think you're both better than me.
jerry: (incredulous) Oh, come on!
jerry: He was trying to lift the TV.
jerry: (consternation) Oh no. (to the bedridden two) It's go time.
jerry: Fellas, fellas, look, I gotta go.
jerry: (defensive) I didn't ruin your business.
jerry: (uncertain) Don't you hire people to do that?
jerry: (thinking) So, you just need some guys that could roll 'em?
jerry: (having an idea) I think I can help you out. I'll see you later.
jerry: Here.
jerry: He was gonna fire you?
jerry: Tunisia?
jerry: Well, that doesn't sound so bad.
jerry: (sardonic) Oh. (smiles)
jerry: Why are the crepes spraying?
jerry: That's good stuff.
jerry: Can you grab a nap at work.
jerry: So what are you doing now?
jerry: With a gentleman caller?
jerry: The walking date is a good date. You don't have to look right at the other -person.
jerry: Shower?
jerry: A little slow. I've got to hold this guy's hand on every little decision.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: You know, why don't we just go with the one in your hand?
jerry: Drop one. . . . left!
jerry: A little less beady today.
jerry: Sounds like a really cool fort.
jerry: I'll tell you what I would like you to do with it.
jerry: He's kind of tied up here.
jerry: Why don't you just work on George's project for a while?
jerry: So how was Wednesday's walk in the park with Hal.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: What happened?
jerry: How long did that last?
jerry: How was the movie?
jerry: Why?
jerry: So you think he was expecting a roll in the supportive hay.
jerry: So what are you going to do with the mattress?
jerry: How about this? . . . Finish this thing up today!
jerry: No. No more questions. Just figure it out for yourself and get it done.
jerry: Just . . . do it.
jerry: Hi.
jerry: What is that smell?
jerry: You're swimming in the East River? The most heavily trafficked overly contaminated waterway on the eastern seaboard?
jerry: How could you swim in that water?
jerry: Swimming?
jerry: (on phone) hello.
jerry: Who is this?
jerry: Why don't you just have him paged?
jerry: A bomb threat? Why would I call in a bomb threat?
jerry: I should have some reason.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Over here. You can see right through here.
jerry: It's kind of cozy.
jerry: Does it smell like the East River?
jerry: Because Kramer has been swimming laps between the Queensborough bridge and the Brooklyn bridge.
jerry: I don't think it's that bad.
jerry: No the stools go over there.
jerry: You mean they're actually doing the fitted hats? Cool.
jerry: Hey look at you.
jerry: No knock offs. I want the ones like the real players wear.
jerry: Could you at least get a hat for me?
jerry: Seven and five eighths
jerry: Why are you shouting?
jerry: Yes this is the terrorist bomber.
jerry: think I've changed my mind.
jerry: What?
jerry: I guess it would be nice if you called all the ticket holders if the game was going to be rained out.
jerry: Yeah, that's right.
jerry: One second. Hello.
jerry: Just lie down.
jerry: All right. I'll be right there., Conrad I gotta go.
jerry: Ah, back to normal. Not bad for four thousand bucks. . . . I can't believe I got the Low Fat!
jerry: I saw it.
jerry: Okay. I wouldn't see it again.
"jerry: I noticed she's big on the phrase ""yada yada."""
"jerry: No, ""yada yada"" is good. She's very succinct."
jerry: Yeah, it's like you're dating USA Today. (Tim the dentist enters Monk's)
jerry: Hey, George, you know Tim Whatley.
jerry: What's up?
jerry: Excuse me?
jerry: Well... (Thinking of something to say) Welcome aboard.
jerry: Elaine, the guy's Jewish two days, he's already making Jewish jokes.
jerry: Booze is not a religion.
jerry: Ooh. Beth Lookner, still waitin' out hat marriage.
jerry: I gotta get on that internet. I'm late on everything.
jerry: What're you doing here?
jerry: Well this is very awkward.
jerry: Hey, you don't play with that. That's going in my mouth.
jerry: All right, that's enough. Now get going. Get outta here. (Tim and his staff enter)
jerry: George...
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Tim, do you think you should be making jokes like that?
jerry: I know, but...
jerry: 5000.
jerry: And then he asked the assistant for a schtickle of flouride.
jerry: I'll tell you why. Because I believe Whatley converted to Judaism just for the jokes. (Phone rings)
jerry: Yes. (Slams down phone. Kramer and Mickey enter)
jerry: All right, take it easy.
jerry: How you doing?
"jerry: Whatley. (Like ""Newman"")"
"jerry: So Whatley sayd to me, ""Hey, I can make Catholic jokes, I used to be Catholic."""
jerry: Don't you see what Whatley is after? Total joke telling immunity. He's already got the two big religions covered, if he ever gets Polish citizenship there'll be no stopping him.
jerry: I think this Father Curtis might be very interested to hear what Whatley has the Pope doing with Raquel Welch.
jerry: They're not getting a baby so you're taking them out to lunch?
jerry: Poor Beth.
jerry: Oh screw him! (George enters)
jerry: But you yada yada'd over the best part.
jerry: George is already in there.
jerry: I thought you were leaning towards Julie.
jerry: Excuse me, Mother?
jerry: Sister, right. Do you know when Father Curtis has office hours?
jerry: Hmm, I really need to speak with him.
jerry: Oh. (Adjusts accordingly)
jerry: Well I should tell you that I'm Jewish.
jerry: Oh good. Anyway, I wanted to talk to you about Dr. Whatley. I have a suspicion that he's converted to Judaism just for the jokes.
jerry: No, it offends me as a comedian. And it'll interest you that he's also telling Catholic jokes.
jerry: And they're old jokes. I mean, the Pope and Raquel Welch in a lifeboat.
"jerry: Oh, I'm sure you have. They're out on the ocean and, yada yada yada, and she says, ""Those aren't buoys."" (Father starts laughing) Father..."
jerry: You know the difference between a dentist and a sadist don't you?
jerry: Newer magazines.
jerry: (In pain) Oh, are you about done?
jerry: Huh?
jerry: What about all your Jewish jokes?
jerry: The Jews?
jerry: Is that why it's so hard to get an appointment?
jerry: Date with Karen?
jerry: What happened to Karen?
jerry: Oh, small world. So little people can have not little people children?
jerry: So you won't believe what happened with Whatley today. It got back to hime that I made this little dentist joke and he got all offended. Those people can be so touchy.
jerry: What?
jerry: Kramer, he's just a dentist.
jerry: I am not an anti-dentite!
jerry: They do have their own schools!
jerry: Well, what's wrong?
jerry: Talk to me.
jerry: Well, I wouldn't put anything past anybody.
jerry: Well obviously that was a mistake. You need to forget about Arnie. The important thing is you're moving on.
jerry: Forget about Elaine. Let's just focus on us. Come on, big hug. (Mickey and Karen enter)
jerry: I'm kinda in the middle of something.
jerry: Oh, congratulations. Her marriage just fell apart.
jerry: Beth and Arnie broke up.
jerry: (Shaking his head no) Pff.
jerry: Hey, where's Marcy?
jerry: Hey, Kramer, over here.
jerry: Kramer... Oh look, there's Mickey and his parents.
jerry: Very handsome.
jerry: Hi, Mr. Abbott.
jerry: Oh, I said something about dentists and it got blown all out of proportion.
jerry: What?
jerry: That's a good one. Dentists.
jerry: She went out to get her head shaved.
jerry: Those wisdom teeth are tough to get out.
jerry: Me neither. I love the previews. In fact I enjoy being in the theatre cut up(?). Last week after a preview, I yelled out 'Must miss'.
jerry: Yeah, it got a good laugh. Let me just check my messages before we go.
jerry: After two dates!
jerry: Seven.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: You're gonna keep these here for eight months?!
jerry: Kramer, you're gonna leave these chairs here for two and a half years?!
jerry: What for?
jerry: Really, why d'you think they're taking you out to lunch?
jerry: I don't mind the Mayans.
jerry: Kramer, these balloons aren't gonna stay filled till New Year's!
jerry: Hi. Sorry I'm late. There's a lotta chairs and balloons in my apartment. How 'bout I make it up to you with dinner?
jerry: Yeah, I'm sorry about that Mongolian barbecue last night. I'd heard good things.
jerry: Lemme just check my messages. (to himself) Maybe a nicer girl called.
jerry: Hello? Who's this?
jerry: Seven?
jerry: Good meeting?
jerry: You can do that.
jerry: So you want to go out in a final blaze of incompetence?
jerry: So, George...
jerry: (rising) I had like a so-so date with Valerie, now I'm number nine on the speed-dial.
jerry: So? I used to be seven. I dropped two spots.
jerry: Yeah, this speed-dial's like a relationship barometer.
jerry: Well, I just wanted to... (breaks off) You forgot the gift certificate to Barnes and Noble.
jerry: (resumes) ...you know, make a good impression.
jerry: I like the way you think.
jerry: Oh my God! Number one!! Seinfeld, you magnificent bastard!
jerry: Some of us.
jerry: Hola.
jerry: What is all this?
jerry: Ah, no wonder we're getting so much rain.
jerry: Hi Valerie.
jerry: You're not Valerie.
jerry: But, I never...
jerry: You know uh, Valerie, I uh, couldn't help but notice that I'm on your speed-dial.
jerry: But I can't help thinking that maybe there's someone in your life who deserves it more. Someone you've known, you know, more than a week.
jerry: What? No.
jerry: Yikes!
jerry: How could they not fire you?
jerry: Aw, come on there now.
jerry: Nonsense. You do everything wrong.
jerry: Everything.
jerry: Absolutely. I have no confidence in you.
jerry: That's the spirit. You suck!
jerry: Well, Mrs Hamilton, it's certainly nice that you and Valerie patched things up, so we could all get together like this. Where is Valerie?
jerry: Okay.
jerry: Uh, good.
jerry: (nervous) What?
jerry: I don't know, Mrs Hamilton. That doesn't sound...
jerry: Valerie's not coming over, is she?
jerry: No...
jerry: Stop, stop. This isn't right. What about Valerie?
jerry: (leaving hurriedly) Wuhh...
jerry: Oh my God, George!
jerry: Kramer, look, it's George.
jerry: (neutral) Fine.
jerry: (neutral) No problem.
jerry: What're you doing with a pricing-gun?
jerry: (to himself) Still a rip-off.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Uh, well, she uh, probably just wanted to be able to keep tabs on you.
jerry: Hold on a second.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Oh, Mrs Hamilton, this is a very bad time. I've got Valerie on the other line. Just a second.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Well...
jerry: Hang on.
jerry: She knows about the speed-dial. Mrs Hamilton, you gotta get me off this thing.
jerry: Hang on.
jerry: She wants to be back on yours.
jerry: Hang on.
jerry: Fine, if I'm off yours.
jerry: Sorry. Hang on.
jerry: Fine, if I'm off yours.
jerry: Please, Mrs Hamilton, this is very awkward for me.
jerry: (hurried) Great, bye.
jerry: She said she'll do it.
jerry: Hang on.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: She never sees the big picture.
jerry: Hello, Newman!
jerry: No.
jerry: By the way Newman, I'm just curious. When you booked the hotel, did you book it for the millennium New Year?
jerry: Oh, that's interesting, because as everyone knows, since there was no year zero, the millennium doesn't begin until the year two-thousand and one. Which would make your party, one year late, and thus, quite lame.
jerry: Aww!
jerry: Hello?
jerry: It's Jerry. Who's this?
jerry: Oh, hi Valerie. What's up?
jerry: Wow, poison control? That's even higher than number one!
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Hang on just let me pick up a paper.
jerry: Let's go.
jerry: For how long?
jerry: Come on.
jerry: I'm going to be this guy's friend.
jerry: New clothes?
jerry: Strange. For new pants, there's noticable wear on the buttocks of those chinos. Wait those are the clothes from the bag!
jerry: He asked you to watch them not wear them.
jerry: You look like a tourist.
jerry: When you hear like a soft russeling.
jerry: Oh right, the new job, how is it?
jerry: So who's the new you?
jerry: Oh hi Alex.
jerry: No.
jerry: Right here, George. In here. (pointing to his chest) Try opening this up. You'll find the biggest dating scene in the world.
jerry: (yelling) Get out! Get out! I don't want to live like this.
jerry: Hmm. That looks new.
jerry: (uncomfortably) Yeah that's too bad.
jerry: (uncomfortably) Nothing.
jerry: I did something stupid.
jerry: Well I was shaving. And I noticed an asymmetry in my chest hair and I was trying to even it out. Next thing I knew, (high pitched voice) Gone.
jerry: Well women do it.
jerry: Well what am I going to tell Alex?
jerry: Um hum.
jerry: Hey!
jerry: You couldn't pay me enough to go to the beach on a weekend. I mean it's hard enough...
jerry: Really?
jerry: So you're pretending to be a tourist?
jerry: How do you explain your apartment?
jerry: you moved into a hotel?
jerry: So get this we're in the park today Alex goes wild for this hairless dog.
jerry: So. I figure since she likes one hairless animal why not another.
jerry: Are you nuts? I don't want her to think I'm one of those low-rise briefs guys who shaves his chest.
jerry: The last thing this guy's qualified to give a tour of is reality.
jerry: You're moving to New York? That's fantastic. I can see you all the time now.
jerry: What is it she think you can't do?
jerry: How did you do those things?
jerry: Hey, what were you doing with that bus yesterday?
"jerry: ""The Real Peterman Reality Bus Tour"". I'm confused."
jerry: Nobody wants to go on a three hour bus tour of a totally unknown person's life.
jerry: Yeah. $37.50 for a Three Musketeers.
jerry: What? Can't I get a moment's peace?
jerry: I can't stop. Alex thinks I'm naturally hairless.
jerry: Oh that's an old wives tale.
jerry: Oh come on. That's genetics. That's not going to happen to me.
jerry: Why do I have to go on the tour?
jerry: Hey, how's business?
jerry: You also shouldn't use a donut.
jerry: Can we just go?
jerry: You know I never though he would be able to recreate the experience of actually knowing him, but this is pretty close.
jerry: What's that?
jerry: Oh. Yeah.
jerry: (in low voice to next to Kramer) Kramer how much longer? My chest hair is comming back and it's itching me like crazy. I can't let her see me scratch it.
jerry: I'm telling you man, I'm losing it.
jerry: I can't sit on this bus anymore. I think I'll go play with that dog.
jerry: (for the first half of the howl, a dog howls along with him.) Awoooooo-oooooooo, that feels good.
jerry: Nah, you had a good run. Took them to the World Series.
jerry: Don't sell yourself short. You made all the flight arrangements, hotels, busses.
jerry: So, when you actually did work, what it was that you did?
jerry: Maybe I should ask her out?
jerry: That's true. Maybe I take her to the Tony's.
jerry: Yeah, I wrote some jokes to the show and they gave me two tickets.
jerry: They're musicians. That's not a joke.
jerry: They did it for three years. What's another few months.
jerry: Like what?
jerry: I've always wanted to do that...
jerry: You mean golf?
jerry: Like this? (imitates the walk)
jerry: That's so strange.
jerry: Oh, what about 'ladies night'? Women admitted free before 10?
jerry: Reer.
jerry: Boy, your really packing it all in.
jerry: Like what?
jerry: Stomach ache?
jerry: Aah, top of the fridge. Hey George, I'm taking that waitress to the Tony's.
jerry: Where are you sitting?
jerry: What academy?
jerry: Hi!
jerry: Thanks, it's a breakaway.
jerry: Absolutely.
jerry: Ok...
jerry: Thanks, Lyle...
jerry: So, you and Lyle are roommates?
jerry: Gay?
jerry: Is he gay?
jerry: Are you sure?
jerry: (to himself) This is a new one.
jerry: Yeah, when I went to pick her up there was this dude.
jerry: What do you think it could've been just some dude?
jerry: I reckon.
jerry: Dude!
jerry: It's 1030 in the morning?
jerry: So, has the summer of George already started or are you still de-composing?
jerry: You didn't give that thing back?
jerry: That's because you didn't win.
jerry: You haven't even seen it.
jerry: Hi!
jerry: No rush.
jerry: (to himself) I have absolutely no idea.
jerry: ..except that the dude plays the showroom and I'm stuck doing food and beveridged!
jerry: It's Kramer.
jerry: George says hi.
jerry: Why don't you just come over?
jerry: He's looking on to fridgerator.
jerry: I can't do this.
jerry: He's not doing anything. Goodbye!
jerry: Are you taking the Tony to Sardi's?
jerry: Oh, hello.
jerry: All right, all right.
jerry: I said no! (hangs up the phone.)
jerry: Just me? No dudes or fellas?
jerry: I can start right away.
jerry: But not here. (They leave.)
jerry: I can't believe how much we did this afternoon. I have friends who this would've be their whole life.
jerry: Eh, what?
jerry: Oh yeah, Sfuzi? I- I've gotta do that.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: The one with the...(mumbles.)
jerry: Ok, ok...
jerry: No, I'll crab it.
jerry: What, did you lose your remote?
jerry: It's Lanette! I need an assistant or intern or something.
jerry: Not.
jerry: No, because that's...
jerry: Here.
jerry: I'm trying.
jerry: Then each of us would only have be like a half man. That sounds about right!
jerry: Why they want you to fire Raquel Welch?
jerry: She seems very nice.
jerry: I'm in show business.
jerry: I've got a tape of 'Fantastic voyage' if you think that would help.
jerry: Did you tell Peterman about this?
jerry: Because men think if women are grabbing and clawing at each other there's a chance they might somehow kiss.
jerry: You got the tickets?
jerry: I like it.
jerry: What?
jerry: Hey George, one second, she's having a party friday night and she wants me to take care of the invitations.
jerry: 35, and George, on the invitations...
jerry: I like your nails, that is a great color.
jerry: This old thing?
jerry: Ok, let's towel it up.
jerry: But we're in towels.
jerry: all right. One second.
jerry: George, where are those invitations? You were supposed to leave them with her doorman!
jerry: No. (Lanette leaves.) Did you at least pick them up?
jerry: Ok, get them over here pronto. We're in towels here George.
jerry: ...what?
jerry: All right, that's not bad. Now get over here!
jerry: I don't know. They don't tell me anything. What's that? (Kramer holds a broken Tony)
jerry: What happened to you?
jerry: Yikes.
jerry: What happened to you?
jerry: Cat fight with Raquel Welch.
jerry: Back on the rack.
jerry: I think we're still a man short.
jerry: Yeah...
jerry: (also wearing a moustache) What do you mean, 'what is it?' It's a country right next to Belgium.
jerry: Holland *is* the Netherlands.
jerry: (picking at his moustache) You know I cannot stand this thing anymore.
jerry: I told you, we should have taken some kind of vacation.
jerry: Because you said this would be better. Remember? A vacation from ourselves. That's what you said.
jerry: No.
jerry: Stop it, George. Stop it. I'm sorry, you've gotta get a job.
jerry: No more crutches, that must be a relief.
jerry: Not with a cane?
jerry: That is a sad story. Hey, you should have been here tonight. Some guy from NBC saw my set, he wants me to do a showcase. I might have another shot at a pilot.
jerry: We? No.
jerry: Killed?
jerry: Yeah, killed. Because I killed first and warmed up the crowd. He's like that fish that attaches himself to the shark.
jerry: Yeah, I'm the shark and he's the fish eating my laughs.
jerry: Well, I'm glad I brought it up.
jerry: (looking at Kramer's moustache) Uh, we're not doing that anymore.
jerry: What?
jerry: So what's this job?
jerry: Knicks? Rangers?
jerry: Welcome back to the show.
jerry: No.
jerry: What kind do you use?
jerry: (nods) Look, postcard from Elaine from Europe.
jerry: Remember David Puddy?
jerry: Well, I guess she's batted around and she's back at the top of the order.
jerry: Oh, I'm taking this lace out. It came undone and touched the floor of a men's room. That's the end of that.
jerry: He killed. He only does well when he has me for a lead-in. He's a time slot hit.
jerry: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.
jerry: Do I have to ask?
jerry: Why are you buttering your face?
jerry: Oh Moses smell the roses.
jerry: No.
jerry: I don't want to.
jerry: (places two slices of bread against Kramer's face) That is close.
jerry: You got the job?
jerry: Hold on, they think you're handicapped?
jerry: How can you do this?
jerry: He drove a car with no arms?
jerry: Do you know how hard it's getting just to tell people I know you?
jerry: You can eat it?
jerry: Oh my god, it's Bania and Jenna.
jerry: The tooth brush in the toilet bowl.
jerry: I don't believe this.
jerry: No! He's riding my coattails again. He's getting everything off me, first laughs now ladies.
jerry: Someone's cooking.
jerry: Hello, Newman.
jerry: (cutting in) I'm not the one doing the cooking, Newman.
jerry: No, he's up on the roof getting some sun with the butter (pauses) Oh no!
jerry: Kramer!
jerry: Look at your skin.
jerry: Technically, you're sauted. So, what are you doing for that?
jerry: Is that what the doctor said?
jerry: Yea.
jerry: Kind of. Nice limp, you're bringing your work home with you?
jerry: What happened?
jerry: Oh no, not you too?
jerry: You know what's good for that? Relish.
jerry: Hello? Yeah, this is Jerry Seinfeld. What? No. No! No! No!! No!!! Thank you. (Hangs up.) I don't believe this. They've added Bania to the network showcase and he's going on right after me.
jerry: Oh, like what, Ovaltine? Why do dogs drink out of the toilet? Shopping carts with one bad wheel?
jerry: You think that's funny?
jerry: You like Bania's act. You're a closet Bania fan!
jerry: Oh, I'm gonna puke.
jerry: You mugged Stephen Hawking?
jerry: Well it must be comforting to know you'll be going straight to hell at no more than three miles an hour.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Hey, Lainie, how's the trip going?
jerry: Who's that?
jerry: Who?
jerry: Get me some duty free Kahlua.
jerry: Sounded good.
jerry: Hey, if you got any juice left, you might wanna roll by the big showcase tonight.
jerry: That's right, and I'll tell you what. I'm feeling a little off.
jerry: That's right, I'm taking a dive.
jerry: I'm laying down! Then we'll see how he does up there, without all the assistance.
jerry: We're four months apart.
jerry: That's right, Choochie. Let's see how Bania does without the cushy timeslot.
jerry: If you'll excuse me.
jerry: (OC) Hey everybody! Who's ready to laugh?
jerry: What's the deal with lampshades? I mean if it's a lamp, why do you want shade?
jerry: And what's with people getting sick?
jerry: I mean, what's the deal with cancer?
jerry: What are you talking about? I bombed!
jerry: Like who?
jerry: He *had* cancer!
jerry: Hey, sorry Kenny. Guess you got your work cut out for you.
jerry: Ah, the sweet stench of failure.
jerry: Ouch.
jerry: What?
jerry: Oh, I'm gonna puke.
jerry: So youre staying at Play Now?
jerry: But they not you arent handicapped, arent you ashamed?
jerry: Oh, its just this stupid thing.
jerry: (doing the voice) No-o-o-o.
jerry: All right. You know this girl Clare I am seeing?
jerry: Well, he and I starting joking that when she falls asleep her stomach stays awake all night and talks to me.
jerry: Well, her belly button is like a mouth. (doing the voice) Im bored. Talk to me.
jerry: Hey, look whose here - Puddy.
jerry: And yet he continues to live.
jerry: Well, thats it. You two are back together.
jerry: The bump into. The bump into always leads to the backslide.
jerry: Elaine, breaking up is like knocking over a coke machine. You cant do it in one push, you got to rock it back and forth a few times, and then it goes over.
jerry: Thats different. I didnt have feelings for those people. But you, youll backslide
jerry: Stakes?
jerry: Dollars?
jerry: Done.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: I went to the movies last night, I went to the bathroom and I unbuckled a little wobbly and the buckle kind of banged against the side of the urinal. So(throws away belt) thats it!
jerry: Oh yes, quite.
jerry: Of course its a sliding scale.
jerry: (doing the voice) La la la.
jerry: Oh, that restaurant on top of the Chrysler building? Yeah, thats a good idea.
jerry: Which part? The renovating the restaurant you dont own part or spending the two hundred million you dont have part?
jerry: No resources, no skill, no talent, no ability, no brains.
jerry: I can ball park it.
jerry: Hey, I called you last night, where were you?
jerry: George?
jerry: Well, I was here, thats everyone (laughing).
jerry: Are those the same shoes as yesterday?
jerry: Your hair, its somewhat de-poofed.
jerry: Wait a second, whats going on here?
jerry: (screams).
jerry: Youre wearing the same clothes as yesterday!!! (pauses) You saw Puddy!
jerry: Hand it over. Pay up.
jerry: Then what do you call it? People dont just bump into each other and have sex. This isnt cinemax.
jerry: Ah, dinner! Thats it, youre all the way back!
jerry: Sex, thats meaningless, I can understand that, but dinner; thats heavy. Thats like an hour.
jerry: And you are?
jerry: Whos he?
jerry: Alright.
jerry: But you only provide fantasy world corporate experience.
jerry: Alright, its time to go.
jerry: (sarcastically) I know!
jerry: Actually, that is not a bad idea.
jerry: Now, its time to go.
jerry: Hello
jerry: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. (pauses) So, whats going on?
jerry: So, are you going to leave?
jerry: I thought youre like Hitler in the bunker?
jerry: Im getting a little uncomfortable with the Hitler stuff. (his other line beeps) Im getting another call, see ya(answers call) Hello!
jerry: (looking shocked) Really? When?
jerry: No, I dont.
jerry: Hey! So, wheres my money?
jerry: Oh yeah, hold on.
jerry: Hello Darren, this is Jerry from Jerrys office. (Elaine is looking confused). Were going to be three for lunch. (Elaine is still looking confused) What do you mean hes already left?
jerry: Hey, Elaine is going to come with us, alright?
jerry: Well, just
jerry: Do you have to write all this stuff down.
jerry: So, how hot did it get?
jerry: I guess you can take anything, but actual work.
jerry: (doing the voice) Wel-l-l-c-o-m-e!
jerry: Oh that makes a lot of sense.
jerry: (giggling)
jerry: Oh, nothing. (still giggling)
jerry: Oh all right, this is really dumb, really stupid. Weve been doing this silly, dumb voice.
jerry: No, its not you. Its your stomach, hes taking with this funny, booming, jovial voice. (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o.
jerry: No its
jerry: Hey, were kind of in the middle of something here. Would you mind coming back later?
jerry: (Screams) GET OUT!
jerry: No body said youre fat. Hes a loving character, like the Kool-ade guy.
jerry: No, hes just a little bloated.
jerry: Its mostly water weight.
jerry: Line two?
jerry: Oh
jerry: So youre sure youre not still angry about last night?
jerry: Never?
jerry: What about if youre not around?
jerry: So I have to choose between seeing you and doing the voice?
jerry: I can do that.
jerry: I dont know.
jerry: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. La-la-la. (haha)
jerry: So we could do the voice. (doing the voice) La-la-la. Whats the matter?
jerry: No, it can do anything. It can be Spanish. (doing the voice) Hola. Hello-o-o-o.
jerry: Really?
jerry: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o.
jerry: See, never bet against the backslide. I knew you two would get back together.
jerry: No, I dont think so. Ive seen you two together. You make each other miserable. Its kismet.
jerry: Done.
jerry: Youre in there again.
jerry: What is this? (Kramer is wearing jeans that look like it doesnt fit him).
jerry: Yeah. Nine oclock.
jerry: (doing the voice) Good-bye Kramer.
jerry: Really?
jerry: (on the phone with Clare) Clare thanks for giving me a second chance. Our relationship is certainly worth more than some silly, stupid voice. Hold on one second. (George walks in  Jerry asks George) So we definitely dont want to do the voice anymore? (George shakes his head NO) Alright, were back together again, great. Bye bye.
jerry: Trouble down at the plant?
jerry: I understand (not really understanding, lol).
jerry: Youre not
jerry: Go again?
jerry: Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha.
jerry: They got away.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Yeah, I put a six hour tape in. That should cover the experiment, the arrest, and most of your trial. Alright, Ill see ya.
jerry: I cant. I got to meet Clare.
jerry: Yeah, I thought it was stupid. Unless you guys are liking it again.
jerry: Darren?
jerry: Uh, bathroom.
jerry: I thought it was open to the public.
jerry: Wow! Zanadu . No wonder youre putting in so many hours. (looks at urinal) May I?
jerry: Wow! Hey, theres Clare. I better go down.
jerry: Theres the giant ball of oil. Clares right underneath that thing. Clare! Hello-o-o-o! Hello-o-o-o! Hello-o-o-o!
jerry: This is going to be a shame.
jerry: Clare won her lawsuit against Play Now. Gee, Play Now is filing for bankruptcy. I guess youre not going in anymore.
jerry: So theyre not paying you your
jerry: So youre pretty much
jerry: What ever happened to Darren?
jerry: So Clare sure looked real funny covered in oil like that (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o I got beamed with a giant ball of oil
jerry: Im just so glad its back.
jerry: Oh, I thought we had tickets for the Knicks home opener.
jerry: What? All right, fine.
jerry: No, I love a good Chinese Spanish whatever it is.
jerry: I get peeved.
jerry: Miffed.
jerry: Irked?
jerry: She says I suppress my emotions.
jerry: Good body.
jerry: But I get upset, I've yelled. You've heard me yell.
jerry: Kramer, I am so sick of you comin' in here and eatin' all my food. Now shut that door and get the hell out of here!
jerry: Sorry, I'm fixing a screen door in the Bronx.
jerry: Fix a screen door in Queens.
jerry: Not goin' to the Knick game.
jerry: You know, if you don't bring a guest they save a catering. You should be able to buy a cheaper gift.
jerry: Damn it, they gave me cream! I asked for nonfat milk!
jerry: 1%?! They can kiss 1% of my ass!
jerry: You're damn right you're not buying it!
jerry: I'm open. There's just nothing in there.
jerry: Oh, you think I'm lying about this?
jerry: Well, I'm not.
jerry: Oh, stop it.
jerry: That's enough!
jerry: Really? It felt good.
jerry: Tongue?
jerry: Well this kid's not just a man. He's a man's man.
jerry: Hello? Yeah, this is Jerry Seinfeld. No, no, no, I do not want to stop over in Cincinnati. Well, then you upgrade me. That's right, you should thank me. Goodbye. (Hangs up) Hey, I'm flyin' first class.
jerry: Patty showed me how to get mad. You gotta problem with that?
jerry: Good.
jerry: What? The two of you workin' in that garage is like a steel cage death match.
jerry: What do you need it for?
jerry: (Knocking on Kramer's door) Anytown, U.S.A. Hello? Is Kramer home? Oh, hey.
jerry: Boy, those azaleas are really coming in nicely.
jerry: You barbecuing tonight?
jerry: So, where do you want to eat tonight?
jerry: Again!? How much flan can a person eat!?
jerry: Well, I don't think more flan is the answer!
jerry: 'Maybe'!?
jerry: Double good-bye! (As Patty leaves, open door reveals Kramer, sitting on his lawn chair with a sparkler)
jerry: Yeah! In fact, she broke up with me! And I don't want to talk about it!
jerry: That's the last thing she said to me. She wanted to go there also, but I wasn't in the mood.
jerry: It's Patty.
jerry: (Crying) What--what is this salty discharge?
jerry: This is horrible! I care!
jerry: Patty won't call me back. I don't know if I can live without her.
jerry: I don't know what's happening to me.
jerry: That was the mother on Bewitched. You mean Pandora.
jerry: You ever heard of a little thing called feelings?
jerry: Porn quotes... I'm so lucky to have a friend like you, George. Ever tell you how much I love you?
jerry: I love you, George. Come here.
jerry: Go wherever you want. I'm still gonna love you.
jerry: Hose under my sink. I love *you*, Kramer!
jerry: I love you, Costanza.
jerry: What happened to you, pal?
jerry: Are you all right?
jerry: So, you're using Frank's relaxation method?
jerry: Sit down, Elaine.
jerry: I've been thinking about what it means to be complete.
jerry: Look at us, hurtling through space on this big, blue marble.
jerry: Looking everywhere for some kind of meaning...
jerry: When all the while, the real secret to happiness has been right in front of us!
jerry: Elaine...
jerry: I'm asking Elaine to marry me.
jerry: Elaine?
jerry: Lippman?
jerry: Can I help you?
jerry: What happened here, Kramer?
jerry: Kramer!
jerry: You don't look well.
jerry: Oh, I'm sorry. Look at me, I stepped on your last rose.
jerry: He's incorrigible. You want to talk about it?
jerry: George, letting my emotions out was the best thing I've ever done. Sure I'm not funny anymore, but there's more to life than making shallow, fairly-obvious observations. How about you?
jerry: Yikes. Well, good look with all that.
jerry: I think you scared me straight.
jerry: What?
jerry: I tell ya, I don't see it happening.
jerry: He doesn't work here anymore.
jerry: (Leaving) Right back at ya, Slick.
jerry: Are you sure you can't stay longer?
jerry: He was 96 years old.
jerry: Well, what ever you do, you're wearing me out.
jerry: Really?
jerry: Are you sure you don't need a hand with that?
jerry: Did you give blood?
jerry: In case of what?
jerry: Are we finished?
jerry: Who wants to responsible? When ever anything goes wrong, the first thing they ask is who's responsible for this?
jerry: What happened, I thought you were with Tara tonight?
jerry: What?
jerry: Hey, you guys think I'm getting a little...chunky?
jerry: Elaine, what do you think?
jerry: Didn't go for it, huh?
jerry: So, she didn't appreciate the erotic qualities of the salted cured meats?
jerry: Natural? Sex is about love between a man and a woman, not a man and a sandwich.
jerry: Maybe instead of trying to satisfy two of your needs, how about satisfying one of somebody else's.
jerry: I told you George, no more pudding. I'm starting a purification program. Keep all that kind of food away from me.
jerry: What the hell is that?
jerry: Oh, why?
jerry: What, it...it's here in the building?
jerry: No I don't! In fact, if even one corpuscles of that blood should find it's way across that hall I will freak out on you Kramer! Freak out.
jerry: You know it and I ditched all my junk food.
jerry: Sorry buddy, clean house. It's all health food.
jerry: Is this about me?
jerry: Oh, then I lost interest.
jerry: Hey, what are you doing here? I thought you were baby-sitting at Vivian's.
jerry: Oh no, where's the blood? (opens the fridge) It's in here isn't it?
jerry: What is this?
jerry: What about this? This is blood isn't it?!
jerry: Ooh, you're sick! You're sick!!
jerry: Hey, what's going on? Who made pudding?
jerry: Damn that George, I told him I don't want this stuff around here anymore...
jerry: Aaah...
jerry: Aah!
jerry: I can see that! What happened?
jerry: I'll remember that.
jerry: What?
jerry: I can feel his blood inside of me. Borrowing things from my blood.
jerry: So, how's the fornicating gourmet?
jerry: George, we're trying to have a civilization here.
jerry: Hey, how was baby-sitting?
jerry: Oh, I'm sure it won't be the worst.
jerry: Really?
jerry: I'm not touching that thing.
jerry: Oh, no...
jerry: Kramer, I'm not shaving your neck.
jerry: All right, all right I'll do it, sit down.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Kramer called you?
jerry: Yes, I'm fine.
jerry: I don't need a personal trainer. (Kramer comes in) all right I've got to go, we'll talk about this later.
jerry: Why are you calling my parents?
jerry: Why here?
jerry: Ok...
jerry: Fine...
jerry: No no no no no no no no no no! I do not want that in here!
jerry: All right.
jerry: Mr. Mandelbaum? You're the personal trainer?
jerry: Ok Mr. Mandelbaum, what you want me to do?
jerry: Is this a gym, or some kind of fitness museum?
jerry: For what?
jerry: How many session did my parents paid for?
jerry: What is this?
jerry: I thought you were gonna watch a video.
jerry: Kramer, I'm not in a mood for this.
jerry: Blood over there, sausages over here. I'm living in a slaughter house.
jerry: No they're not mine Mr. Mandelbaum...
jerry: So, the free love buffet is over?
jerry: Yeah, that's what you did...I can't believe I got another session with Izzy Mandelbaum, he's probably makes me box a kangaroo.
jerry: What's going on?
jerry: Oh no, I'll tell you what you did Caligula; you combined food and sex in to one disgusting uncontrollable urge.
jerry: No, but please tell me that's all you're gonna do with it.
jerry: All right, that's enough of that. (Jerry takes the plates and hands them to a waitress.)
jerry: Well, sleepy here is quite a weasel, maybe he can bat for you.
jerry: It wasn't me, it was Mr. Mandelbaum.
jerry: What's wrong with yours?
jerry: All right, but this is it, this is the last favor, we're even!
jerry: Is this really necessary?
jerry: What if I can't keep up?
jerry: What's going on?
jerry: Oh my God, the blood!
jerry: Well, for the first quarter mile they thought that I was just doggin' it.
jerry: What's the kid doing here?
jerry: Oh, that's a drag...
jerry: You put blood in the car?!
jerry: Well, they told me that I got more blood, so I guess I owe you again.
jerry: Then who?
jerry: Aaaaahhh...!!!
jerry: (on the phone) Yeah. Yeah. All right. Uh-huh.
jerry: (hanging up the phone) Oh! There's my Chinese food, I gotta run. All you.
jerry: I did a show for a car dealership and they're getting me a new SAAB.
jerry: No, the engine clotted. You know who set this whole thing up for me? Frank Merman.
jerry: Why? He's harmless.
jerry: He was not the summer you. Besides, you had a summer me. Whitey Fisk, the guy who snuck you into Last Tango in Paris.
jerry: So you never saw Last Tango in Paris?
jerry: Too bad. It was erotic.
jerry: 'Pottery Barn'?
jerry: Why don't you just throw 'em out?
jerry: (taking a catalog) Can I have one? I need one of those old-looking phones. So you wanna grab a bite?
jerry: So call now.
jerry: That's him.
jerry: What do you think? They gave me a new car for thirty minutes of 'So, who's from out of town?'
jerry: So, maybe they had Chinese food?
jerry: Well, there's one way to check. Where there's Chinese food, there's leftovers.
jerry: It wasn't Whitey Fisk, was it?
jerry: So, this is beautiful. You, and Puddy, and this new guy, in a big pot of love stew.
jerry: Stop the mail?
jerry: Hey, Frankie! So, where's the car?
jerry: Inside the van?
jerry: We were ten.
jerry: I don't want a van.
jerry: You don't understand. This is Fragile Frankie Merman. When we were in camp, if you upset him, he'd run out to the woods, dig a hole, and sit in it.
jerry: Always helpful.
jerry: Aye, aye.
jerry: Hold on. There must be a truck backing up.
jerry: Great. You know, Frankie, I was wondering. What if I decided that it's silly to drive a van, because, you know, I live in New York City. Is there maybe some way I could exchange it?
jerry: No, no, no. Just hypothetically.
jerry: No! No, you don't! No woods. I love the van. I'm a van guy.
jerry: Where'd you get the bricks?
jerry: So you want to take a ride with me out to Jersey? I'm gonna try to sell the van to a lot.
jerry: I don't think I want to meet the people that are in the market for a used van.
jerry: OK.
jerry: I don't want to trade.
jerry: Hey, you know what? This is all your mail. They're puttin' it in my box now.
jerry: But this is what you've always wanted.
jerry: Aw, that's kind of sweet.
jerry: Oh, no. George, please. What are you going to do?
jerry: Mother of God.
jerry: That guy Elaine's dating seems really familiar to me. I think he may have been a comedian I worked with one time. Wait a minute, what is this?
jerry: That is the guy!
jerry: No, she thinks she's in love with him. But she's just remembering this old commercial.
jerry: I know. They're not even related.
jerry: Hey, have fun at the... family reunion. (George exits) So, what do you know about this Jack fellow?
jerry: Yeah, nobody beats him. What kind of work does he do?
jerry: (turning on the commercial) Right, quiet dignity. As opposed to, say, this?
jerry: Oh, yes.
jerry: (answering the phone) Hello? Yeah, the van is still for sale. Sure, come on buy.
jerry: You know why I'm selling it. I hate it.
jerry: Two.
jerry: Look, do you really want to buy this thing, or what?
jerry: All right, just get out of here.
jerry: OK, fine. 'What do I have to do to put you in this van today?'
jerry: You put that in!
jerry: You want to trade me an undershirt?
jerry: That's disgusting.
jerry: She's into it?
jerry: So have your parents found out about it?
jerry: Brave new world, alright.
jerry: Hey, how's the anti-mail campaign going?
jerry: It's Sunday.
jerry: Hey, I want my van keys back.
jerry: Are you insane? Give 'em to me.
jerry: Oh, no, not Frankie.
jerry: Oh, no, the woods! The hole!
jerry: Frankie! Frankie! Frankie! Frankie, is that you?
jerry: Have a nice night.
jerry: (finding Frankie, in his hole) Frankie... come on out of there.
jerry: But I'm keeping it. As much as I hate the idea of being a van guy, it's much better than hanging out here with the nocturnal dirt people.
jerry: Yeah, let's just get out of here.
jerry: Hey, George!
jerry: What? George Costanza, Frankie Merman.
jerry: You must be George's cousin.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Don't go a-knockin'.
jerry: Oh, yeah.
jerry: I just think if you borrow my blender you should return it.
jerry: Yeah, ya know Cain slew Able.
jerry: Oh, no.
jerry: Well I think Able worked hard all summer harvesting his crops, while Cain just played in the field. Then when Winter came, Able had all the nuts; Cain had no nuts, so he killed him.
jerry: Ya broke my blender, didnt ya?
jerry: I knew it.
jerry: Why were you making gravel?
jerry: Of course. It's garbage.
jerry: Yeah, at least in the dumpster behind the Smithsonian.
jerry: Come on, Kramer, get out of there.
jerry: (moans) Ohhh (walks away)
jerry: And it was his idea to put a sprig of parsley on the plate.
jerry: Wow! (Jerry spots all the classic toys)
jerry: Where did you get all these?
jerry: Super bowl! Hey, an original G.I. Joe. (picks up both items) With a full frogman suit.
jerry: I'm putting this on him and we're going to the sink.
jerry: I just want a, touch em a little.
jerry: You ran over some pigeons? How many?
jerry: Course we have a deal. They get out of the way of our cars, we look the other way on the statue defecation.
jerry: So Miranda's cooled on ya?
jerry: Yeah, me neither.
jerry: Oh, the sex is wild but she's got this incredible toy collection and she won't let me near it!
jerry: Here comes one.
jerry: So he just sidles up?
jerry: Maybe you just didn't see him.
jerry: Hakuna Matata?
jerry: That doesn't make it right.
jerry: See, to me, the Hakuna Matata is not nearly as embarrassing as the cup of soup...
jerry: Oh my God!
jerry: How did you get this in here?
jerry: So where you gonna sleep?
jerry: I'm gonna get that. (walks across the set towards the blue curtain)
jerry: So three dates and she still won't let me play with her toys.
jerry: Yeah, that was me.
jerry: An Army Pete.
jerry: He was made of wood and in the rain he would swell up and then split.
jerry: You, sidle? Y-You ... you stomp around like a Clydesdale!
jerry: What happened?
jerry: So they're like everyone else.
jerry: (sound of gunfire) Pkew, pkew, pkew, pkew, Pkeeew!
jerry: I'm sorry. Got any booze? What's say you and I get ripped!
jerry: All right.
"jerry: Ohh, will not cause drowsiness"""
jerry: Uhn-uh-uhn - Uhn-uh-uhn - - veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer, veeer A-Ha ha! Mission accomplished! Back to base, Joe. (singing) dee, de-de, de-de-de-de-de (Makes G.I. Joe swim off, legs kicking)
jerry: What's he here for?
jerry: Well, actually, it's kind of a funny story because she has this amazing toy collection and last night I finally got to play with them.
jerry: Actually she doesn't even know about the toys. I gave her the wrong kind of medicine and I, guess she passed out!
jerry: She's even got that old Mattel football game that we love!
jerry: Oh, like he's not just carrying you! And has been for years!
jerry: So when I saw George on the street with an 18 pound turkey and a giant box of wine, I thought ... What a coincidence. We're just about to eat.
jerry: ... I think. Have some more wine. (Jerry pours his whole glass of wine into her glass.)
jerry: Oh, George brought home movies of his boyhood trip to Michigan.
jerry: More heavy gravy?
jerry: Maybe it'll be fun having a pet.
"jerry: What about my ""questionable material""?"
"jerry: Jim Fowler? The animal guy from ""Wild Kingdom"" is coming to your apartment?"
jerry: Tic-Tacs work?
jerry: What? It's a victimless crime.
jerry: Okay, one victim.
jerry: You know, that batter is, like, 30 years old.
jerry: You're like eight years old.
jerry: It was great! I've done it a few more time since then.
jerry: No, not a thing.
jerry: What, What is this? What is she doing here?
jerry: Well, what kind of woman drinks an entire box of wine?
jerry: So the whole set was destroyed?
jerry: So the squirrel's gonna make it?
jerry: On the couch? So you're...
jerry: Morning.
jerry: But why?
jerry: You don't think she's just talking to me?
jerry: You shut up.
jerry: We'll come to work with you.
jerry: And shopping.
jerry: The boom box incident?
jerry: Seems reasonable.
jerry: Even more reasonable.
jerry: And that guy is your new boss?
jerry: Right, they couldn't get the green stuff off.
jerry: Neither have I.
jerry: Where did you get this thing?
jerry: Hey, I got a date with that doctor you met.
jerry: Mmhu.
jerry: What's with you?
jerry: Your whole building smells like potatoes.
jerry: I think we might have one left in the stock room.
jerry: Well, I have this neighbor...
jerry: Is it anything like hitting a home run in softball?
jerry: Cause I hit a whopper last week!
jerry: He took out Kruger?
jerry: Where did you get that butcher's coat?
jerry: Eh, died on the table. Just spent hour and a half making me feel, if I don't save lives, I'm worthless.
jerry: Dermatology?
jerry: Saving lives? The whole profession is; eh, just put some aloe on it.
jerry: Oh, what's the point?
jerry: Revenge date? That sound like you more than me.
jerry: Dermatologist? Skin doesn't need a doctor!
jerry: You're right. I'm gonna call her right now and tell her off.
jerry: Flowers?
jerry: So, you've done this?
jerry: Well, I'm a classy guy. How's the life saving business?
jerry: It must take a really really big zit, to kill a man!
jerry: You call yourself a lifesaver. I call you pimple popper MD!
jerry: She saved your life?
jerry: Skin cancer! Damn.
jerry: He looks like a Peanuts character.
jerry: You can do that.
jerry: You can't do that. Well, maybe Kruger wasn't the place for you.
jerry: I understand.
jerry: True. You mean, for you?
jerry: What about your sea sickness?
jerry: I don't know if they have land guys.
jerry: Drawer.
jerry: What are they for?
jerry: Come again?
jerry: Eh, it went okay.
jerry: Yeah, I started out real classy...
jerry: But then I found out about the skin cancer.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Sadly, that knowledge could've help me.
jerry: Yesterday you said I had to get my revenge on her!
jerry: Must I?
jerry: How does that reflect me?
jerry: So again, I'm sorry. I had no right to yell at you, you're a life saving doctor and I'm just a comedian...
jerry: Was it pimple popper MD?
jerry: Still got it.
jerry: What the hell is this?
jerry: No.
jerry: Nothing, I got up, run some errands, I went down to Sara's office and apologized...
jerry: Well, I tried to apologise, it didn't go over that well...
jerry: What, she gave me hives?
jerry: She did kind of touch my face.
jerry: It does itch. Maybe I will go down at Kruger and talk to her.
jerry: I don't know, this? (Shows his neck to Sara.)
jerry: Where do you suppose that could've come from?
jerry: Come on Sitarides, cop to it. What brand of perverted science do you practice?
jerry: I want the antidote, pimple popper!
jerry: Am I? You touched my face. I didn't imagine that!
jerry: So, Kramer pulled it off?
jerry: Well, that woman had it coming to her. Look at my neck, it looks like I had a beard of bees!
jerry: I've called everyone. You know how hard it is to get a dermatologist in this town? (Kramer comes in) A real dermatologist.
jerry: Hey, I wonder if they have a picture of my rash in here.
jerry: Hey, this looks like the thing I have. Caused by exposure to benzene, a common ingredient in metal cleaners.
jerry: What are you doing?
jerry: That's my hand towel! I use that on my face, hands and chest! That's where the hives are coming from! It's not from Dr. Sitarides, it's from Dr. Van Nostrand!
jerry: Alright, get out. And take your Bronzo with you (throws the bottle to Kramer.)
jerry: I can't believe Kruger didn't fire you after all you did.
jerry: Yeah, I finally got to see Dr. Kazarian. He said it was really bad.
jerry: Aloe. So where's that lock smith?
jerry: (Sarcastic) Oh, I'm sure she'll come around.
jerry: (To George) I said I was sorry.
jerry: (Nauseated at the saying) Would you please stop saying that?!
jerry: I don't want to talk about it!
jerry: 'Till she found out Elaine slept with the groom.
jerry: I can't believe we went all the way to India for a wedding!
jerry: (Pleading) George, I'm sorry.
jerry: (Confused) I don't know what that means.
jerry: That's got to hurt, I don't care where you're from!
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Oh, you were pretty loaded.
jerry: Oh. Hello, Tetanus.
jerry: (As George sits down) George, we need to talk.
jerry: Alright, I admit it. I slept with Nina, but that's all.
jerry: (Pleading) I'm really sorry.
jerry: (Confused) Where'd you get that one?
jerry: That doesn't punish me. It punishes Elaine! And cruelly, I might add.
jerry: How did he find out?
jerry: You know you're not supposed to drink while you're keeping a secret! (Elaine laughs) Is there anything else?
jerry: (Handing her a small bottle) Here, drink this.
jerry: Pinter?
jerry: (Making nothing of it) So? Who cares about that?
jerry: Oh, nobody's calling off any weddings. Alright, it's time to go. Come on.. Up.
jerry: (Carrying her out, piggy-back style) No, what?
jerry: Yes, Jugdish.
jerry: (Trying to get rid of her) Yes, I think it's a fine idea. Well, good night.
jerry: Bless you.
jerry: (Joking around) I think it's the stench of death.
jerry: (Giddy) This is gonna be great!
jerry: Elaine, have you noticed George was acting strange the whole flight?
jerry: (Pulls a small bottle out of his pocket) Uh-huh. Hey, look what they had on the plane. Schnapps.
jerry: Coach to India - The only way to go.
jerry: You all right?
jerry: (Joking around) Hey, didn't I beat you up in the fourth grade?
jerry: You just asked me two minutes ago.
jerry: Ah, Im not wearing a watch.
jerry: Yeah. Howd ya do that?
jerry: (Giving Newman a sour look) I'm just hanging out in this hell-hole because of George.
jerry: (Disgusted. To the woman) Oh, come on. You know he's a postman, don't ya?
jerry: What are you talking about.
jerry: By flying half way around the world?
jerry: Especially when you got a layover in Sarajevo. (Bosnia Herzegovina)
jerry: (Trying to change the subject away from Nina) Hey - Hey Kramer, what are you doing? You want to borrow something? You want to eat something? Come on in!
jerry: H-Hey, Kramer, wait up. I'll go with you.
jerry: Great, I love Newman! (Eagerly following Kramer)
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm..
jerry: Uh-huh..
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: Uh-huh.
jerry: (To Elaine) Uh, well, you know, a coffee grinder is nice. Or a coffee maker. Everyone likes coffee. Anything to do with coffee. Maybe you should go get some coffee.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Look, there was an awkward moment in the conversation. It never happened before.
jerry: Nothing. And neither will you. George can never know about this.. It'll crush him.
jerry: No good. Too many people know the combination.
jerry: Oh my god. This drawer is filled with Fruit Loops!
jerry: And milk.
jerry: (From outside the apartment) Hello?
jerry: Ah, just remember when you see him tomorrow night to tell him that the waiter liked him.
jerry: Believe me. You know, I forgot how much fun it is hanging out with you.
jerry: I know. No awkward pauses. Probably the reason we never fooled around..
jerry: Probably the reason..
jerry: Kramer, I know what I'm talking about. There's no way FDR wants you to drop dead.
jerry: Just go back and ask him again. (Slams the door on Kramer)
jerry: (Also guessing) Crook eye?
jerry: Well, everybody's a little cranky on their birthday.
jerry: Everyday is my birthday. (Sarcastically joking off what George said)
jerry: (Joking about the bra-less wonder) Well, at least the wedding gown will give her some support.
jerry: So you think it's a non-vite?
jerry: Ah, it's probably like Smith over there.
jerry: He wants me to set him up with this girl, Nina Stengal.
jerry: I was kidding when I said that!
jerry: (On the phone) Nina, Hi. It's Jerry.
jerry: (To Nina) Hey, how 'bout my friend, George? Quite a guy, huh?
jerry: Get outta here.
jerry: Hmm..
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Are you?
jerry: We were too compatible Our conversations were so engrossing.
jerry: If we ever had a problem with Elaine, we could bring in Nina and not lose a step.
jerry: Anyway, like I was saying, I couldn't make the transition from conversation to sex. There were no awkward pauses... I need an awkward pause.
jerry: Why?
jerry: So, you're gonna wear 'em no matter what the situation?
jerry: Oh, I'm sure it's fine.
jerry: Almost. (Notices his shoes) Hey, new Timberlands?
jerry: Really?
jerry: Nina?
jerry: It's been years!
jerry: (Introducing the two) George, this is Nina.
jerry: (Mesmerized) What are you, a scientist?!
jerry: Ah.
jerry: Great talkin' to you. (Nina leaves. To himself) What the hell is e-mail?
jerry: Pretty good. I think she might be the one.
jerry: What are you bringing snowballs in here for?
jerry: Hi, Elaine.
jerry: Oh, hi. I-I'm Jerry Seinfeld. I'm movin' in. I saw your name on the buzzer - You must be Kessler.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: No, thanks. But I ordered a pizza. You want some of it?
jerry: Why not? We're neighbors. What's mine is yours. (And with that, Jerry made the most fatal mistake of his life)
jerry: (tapping the spatula while waiting for waffles to be done) Any second now. Light is on! Melissa, waffles are ready.
jerry: (looking at her) How about that.
jerry: She didn't even want a napkin.
jerry: Oh, it's a scene.
jerry: I don't really have enough room.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Back together?
jerry: Ah...
jerry: Why now?
jerry: Still with the neck hole?
jerry: A cashmere sweater.
jerry: No, I think the head does most of the stretching.
jerry: That was an hour ago. What were you doing in there?
jerry: Ten minutes.
jerry: So?
jerry: (seeing Kramer struggle to open a soda, spilling it all over) I think the damage is probably already done. (interrupting Kramer's inadequate attempt to clean up the soda) All right! I'll get that. Well, maybe she just practices good hygiene.
jerry: Mmm.
jerry: (playing Scrabble with his naked girlfriend) Zephyr? That is not a word.
jerry: No, I do not challenge.
jerry: I'd accuse you of cheating, but I don't know where you'd hide the tiles.
jerry: Sure.
jerry: Coughing... naked... It's a turn-off, man.
jerry: When you cough, there are thousands of unseen muscles that suddenly spring into action. It's like watching that fat guy catch a cannonball in his stomach in slow motion.
jerry: But the thing you don't realize is that there's good naked and bad naked. Naked hair brushing, good; naked crouching, bad. Hey, there's Hanke.
jerry: Thank you. I did notice, and I appreciate you rectifying it.
jerry: (pointing to Kramer's hair) You got some suds over here.
jerry: Oh, come on!
jerry: You promise you'll never come in here again?
jerry: (standing in the bathtub) Now my sense of it is that you're probably wasting time working piecemeal, first cleaning one area, then another.
jerry: But, when you have a faucet instead of a tongue, you want to use gravity.
jerry: No, I told you, it's just a dry run.
jerry: That's Step Ten?
jerry: You're not gettin' any skin, Kramer.
jerry: What happened to you?
jerry: (giving him a steak from the fridge) Here ya go.
jerry: What?
jerry: (closing the door on him) Oh!
jerry: Oh. That wasn't really necessary. I don't ride it. It's just for show.
jerry: Please don't crouch.
jerry: Oh, that's bad. Especially that area.
jerry: Uhh...
jerry: Look, please stop! Let me help you with that!
jerry: (leaving the room) I can't. I can't look anymore. I-I-I've seen too much.
jerry: Well, technically he did apologize.
jerry: So now you want an apology for the apology, plus the original apology?
jerry: Well, I hit the wall yesterday with Lady Godiva. She did a full body flex on a pickle jar.
jerry: Where am I gonna get a fat guy and a cannonball?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: (answering the ringing phone) Hello?
jerry: World War I plane?
jerry: When are ya gettin' out?
jerry: (naked, carrying a belt sander) I found a rough spot on the kitchen floor, I thought I'd polish it up with this belt sander I have here.
jerry: I thought naked is good.
jerry: He took you to Rage-aholics? Why?
jerry: You've got a little rage.
jerry: By the way, my bad naked demo didn't quite work.
jerry: (seeing Elaine enter Monk's) Oh, great. Elaine. What is wrong with my body?
jerry: That's it?
jerry: Well, I was walking around naked in front of Melissa the other day--
jerry: So you don't think it's attractive?
jerry: So I'm glad we had a talk and worked this out. Don't you feel this is better?
jerry: Yes, clothes. This is normal.
jerry: Oh... yeah. What? I'm sorry.
jerry: Oh, maybe a haircut, and, I don't know, maybe a...
jerry: We couldn't carry on a conversation. I kept trying to picture her naked, she kept trying to not picture me naked.
jerry: So what are you up to?
jerry: Insert a knife into the center and twist. Then, to make it bloom, soak it in water for thirty to forty minutes.
jerry: Oh, sure. With out the parents, it's a breeze.
jerry: Hey, Tim. Great party.
jerry: You have a standard fake?
jerry: (Notices an attractive woman walking by, starts to follow her) That's neat.
jerry: Hi, I'm Jerry.
jerry: Hey! How'd it go with the cocktail franks?
jerry: Didn't you call in sick yesterday?
jerry: (Notices George brought hhis mail) You're gonna open your mail here?
jerry: See? You give, and you get.
jerry: Oh, that's nice.
jerry: To a children's charity!
jerry: Hey.
"jerry: ""Atomic Sub""? Why are you eating there?"
jerry: What does that mean?
jerry: When George was growing up..
jerry: His father..
jerry: Hated all the commercial and religious aspects of Christmas, so he made up his own holiday.
jerry: And instead of a tree, didn't your father put up an aluminum pole?
jerry: And weren't there a feats of strength that always ended up with you crying?
jerry: So?
jerry: No, you walk out.
jerry: No, you wait for the movie!
jerry: You don't need the card. High-end hoagie outfit like that, it's all computerized! (Snaps) They're cloning sheep now.
jerry: So, why don't you just try your blow-off number and see if he's called it?
jerry: What strike?
jerry: You?
jerry: Bagels?
jerry: Why didn't you ever mention this?
jerry: Hey, Tim.
jerry: Actually, I'm having dinner with a girl I met at your party.
jerry: Gwen?
jerry: (Not willing to believe how much uglier she is) Really?
jerry: Have you come across this?
jerry: (Relating) Like the Batman villain?
jerry: So, if I ask her out again - I don't know who's showing up The good, the bad, or the ugly.
jerry: Yeah.
"jerry: (Reading it) ""A donation has been made in your name to the Human Fund."" - What is that?"
"jerry: (Continuing reading) ""The Human Fund. Money for people."""
jerry: It has a certain understated stupidity.
jerry: ..Yeah.
jerry: How was your first day?
jerry: Your hands were in the dough?
jerry: Happy Festivus!
jerry: When George was growing up..
jerry: His father..
jerry: You're still trying to gget that free sub?
jerry: Is there a captain's hat involved in this?
jerry: Boy, am I glad to see you.
jerry: You never know.
jerry: So, uh, what do you feel like eating? Chinese or Italian?
jerry: (Shocked) You're telling me.
jerry: Actually, the only place she always looked good was in that back booth over there.
jerry: I can't just keep bringing her to the coffee shop. I mean, what if things, you know, progress?
jerry: Alright, I'll give it a shot! I do really like this coffee shop. Nice cuff links, by the way.
jerry: That's not a french cuff shirt, you know.
jerry: Oh, that's classy.
jerry: I there. This is Kramer, and Frank.
jerry: Uh, why don't we stay here? The back booth just opened up. (They both walk to the booth and sit down. Suddenly, Gwen is attractive) Now this is a good looking booth.
jerry: Why? It's our place.
jerry: Oh.. I know who's cooking today!
jerry: Hey, Georgie!
jerry: I'll be here.
jerry: She didn't touch it.
jerry: 20 thousand dollars from Kruger? You're not keeping this.
jerry: Excuse me?
jerry: You want to give something back? Start with the 20 thousand dollars.
jerry: You're going to start your own charity?
jerry: They nailed you on the 20 G's?
jerry: Gwen! How'd you know I was here?
jerry: Gwen. Gwen, wait! Ah! (runs back to his seat) Bad lighting on the porch.
jerry: I thought you were on strike?
jerry: Yeah, they have been promising that for a while..
jerry: I think Ed Begley Jr. has one.
jerry: What about Harrison Ford? He had one in, uh, Blade Runner. That was a cool one.
jerry: Well, what do you think the big holdup is?
jerry: Yeah, right. And what about the floating cities?
jerry: It's like we're living in the '50s here.
jerry: (To Kramer) Would you stop it? You'll have plenty of time to destroy it after I get it. Hey, George, I'm buyin' this car. (Gestures to a black Saab)
jerry: (Gestures to his forehead) Youre getting that vein again.
jerry: (Trying to quiet George down) It'll be twenty minutes. I told ya, Puddy's getting me an insider deal.
jerry: I guess he graduated.
jerry: (To Kramer) Thank you.
jerry: All right. Calm down.
jerry: (To Kramer) All right, were goin in.
jerry: (Scolding) George. (To salesman) Sorry, were just waiting for David Puddy.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Ah. Whered you go?
jerry: So, Puddy, I decided Im gonna go with another 900 convertible.
jerry: (As George is leaving for the donuts) Au revoir, Le George.
"jerry: So, Puddy, this is a pretty good move for you, huh? No more ""grease monkey""."
jerry: Oh. Sorry, I didnt know..
jerry: I saw one once that could do sign language.
jerry: Yeah, Koko.
jerry: No. We both just saw the same monkey.
jerry: (Getting a dollar out) Wheres your money?
jerry: Hey, Elaine, have you noticed your boyfriend has developed an annoying little habit?
jerry: No.
jerry: No. He keeps asking me to give him a high-five.
jerry: Slapping hands is the lowest form of male primate ritual. In fact, even some of them have moved on - theyre doing sign language now.
jerry: What do you think the Nazis were doin? (Imitates the Nazis salute) That was the heil-five.
jerry: (Slightly embarrassed) It was a good bit in the 80s, and its still relatable today.
jerry: (Tapping the door you lift to retrieve your candy on the machine) I think the candy comes out over there.
jerry: Either that, or theyve got a weird little hang-up about lying face-down in filth. Why dont you just go to the cashier?
jerry: How much was under there?
jerry: (While fishing through his pocket for change) Hey, Puddy thinks I should go for the CD player. What do you think? (Hands him a nickel)
jerry: Hey, can I have my dollar back?
jerry: (Sees Elaine leaving) Hey! Wh-where are you?
jerry: Did you two break up?
"jerry: ""Rust-proofing""?"
"jerry: ""Finders fee""? It was on the lot!"
jerry: Keys?!
jerry: Hey, George!
jerry: No, last one. Listen, you gotta help me out. Elaine and Puddy just broke up, hes treatin me just like a regular customer, now!
jerry: (Threatening tone) So, listen, Puddy. When we first started this deal, I thought things were gonna be different. Now, if you want to play hard ball, I got my friend, George, here, and he can play pretty hard ball. (Leaving the negotiation to George) George, vein it up.
jerry: George! Can we focus on the car, here?
jerry: Yellow? I wanted black.
jerry: (Pleading) George, would you help me, please?
jerry: Sing it, sister!
jerry: (Exasperated) Oh, God
jerry: (To Puddy) Ill be right back.
jerry: Hey, George!
jerry: (Over the phone) Elaine, youve got to get back down to the dealer. Puddy is screwin me on this car, which is yellow now!
jerry: (Banging the phone against the booth) Elaine!
jerry: You gotta get back together with Puddy so I can make this deal.
jerry: Youre gonna get back together, anyway. Its thousands of dollars!
jerry: Come on. Then you dont have to see him again til my 15,000-mile check.
jerry: Fine.
jerry: No. No lunch.
jerry: All right! Lunch!
jerry: Bye. (Hangs up)
jerry: (Frustrated, he reacts) Everybodys ripping me off!
jerry: No, no. No, Elaine, the car can wait. Whats important is you two getting back together. Eh, then well talk about the car.
jerry: Okay. Now, I know this is an important decision. Why dont we all just sit down and talk about it? Come on, come on. (All three sit down) Now, look, you both find each other attractive, right?
jerry: Clearly, no one else can stand to be with either one of you.
jerry: (Smiling, like a salesman) All right. Now, what do I have to do to put you two in a relationship today?
jerry: All right. Elaine, David, I believe we have a deal here in principle Arbys no more than once a month. And in exchange, Elaine comes to your softball game, and doesnt read a book.
jerry: So, youre back together?
jerry: All right, all right. All right, thats enough! Lets get back to my deal. That undercoating, thats a rip-off, isnt it, David?
jerry: So, Im gettin the insiders deal?
"jerry: And where does it end? Then everyones doin it. Its like the wave at ball games. Air quotes. The phrase, ""Dont go there."" - Someones gotta take a stand!"
jerry: And who were you tryin to set up, anyway? The mechanic or the manager?
jerry: I think theres a mental hospital near here.
jerry: So, Puddy wear's a man fur?
jerry: And, of course, you find fur morally reprehensible.
jerry: You might want to get a look at that bathing suit drawer.
jerry: Kramer said it's a perfect gift. That's what we're gettin' him.
jerry: Cheapness is not a sense.
jerry: I had a great time at the last one. I was in charge of the music. I turned that mother out.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: What, has Newman got another army man stuck in his ear?
jerry: But then anyone can just look in and see you.
jerry: Hey, George. Here's the model number on that chair, by the way.
jerry: What?
jerry: That's a five.
jerry: Except the store's in Delaware.
jerry: Maybe cheapness is a sense. You know it is better without this big wallet. It's more comfortable.
jerry: Why?
jerry: But look at this thing. It's-it's huge. You got more cow here than here.
jerry: Irish money?
jerry: Show this card at any participating Orlando-area Exxon station...to get your free 'Save the Tiger' poster.
jerry: George, I am loving this no wallet thing.
jerry: You know, the very fact that you oppose this makes me think I'm onto something.
jerry: Hey, Joe Mayo. Nice place.
jerry: Music?
jerry: But I could do that and the music.
jerry: I was ready to get jiggy with it.
jerry: Hey, Elaine.
jerry: So, Elaine, notice anything different about my... pants?
jerry: So, we're givin' him nothing?
jerry: Did you at least get him a card?
jerry: Hi, I'm Jerry. How do you like my pants?
jerry: (talking to George) It's working. (to the girl, who's tapping on the aquarium) Don't tap on the glass.
jerry: Because you threw it out.
jerry: But you did actually throw his coat out the window.
jerry: But that's you.
jerry: Of course. Because of that wallet. You-you got a filing cabinet under half of your ass.
jerry: What was that?
jerry: All set. I can't believe I'm going dancing.
jerry: No, because it's so stupid. Shall we?
jerry: Compact, lipstick, all this?
jerry: What are you, a medieval dungeon master?
jerry: Ow! Sharp key.
jerry: You don't understand. I went on a successful pocket diet, and I want to keep that weight off.
jerry: Not more of that crap from the Titanic?
jerry: I'm not carrying a purse.
jerry: Oh.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Hey, George, did you get Joe Mayo that chair yet?
jerry: What?
jerry: No.
jerry: Well, so what? You're gettin' a deal, right? We'll split it three ways.
jerry: What is that noise?
jerry: You know, sometimes I get the feeling George isn't being completely honest with me.
jerry: What was that pop sound?
jerry: It's European.
jerry: Uh, yeah, I think I do. I can never find anything in here. Ah, here it is. So, that Joe Mayo throws the worst parties, doesn't he? So what was your job?
jerry: What, he doesn't like my taste in music?
jerry: You should've been there last year. I got jiggy with it!
jerry: I have to do what?
jerry: I'm not wearing the fur.
jerry: Is that right?
jerry: Newman, too?
jerry: That's my walkman!
jerry: All right.
jerry: George, did you get that chair yet?
jerry: You know what? Just call up and cancel it. I'm out.
jerry: Joe Mayo doesn't like my taste in music. He's not gettin' a gift from me.
jerry: No, you don't have to buy anything.
jerry: I don't understand. Why didn't you tell us you had it?
jerry: Because of your giant wallet. Just get rid of it!
jerry: Your good friend is morbidly obese.
jerry: It's not a purse. It's European!
jerry: All right.
jerry: How do I look?
jerry: Hey, Silvio, just out for a little stroll in my favorite fur coat.
jerry: It sure is.
jerry: That's true.
jerry: Oh, thanks.
jerry: Maybe this isn't my coat.
jerry: No, it's not. It's mine. I'm a fancy boy.
jerry: Hey! Officer! Someone took my European carryall!
jerry: The...black, leather...thing with a strap.
jerry: Yes, a purse. I carry a purse!
jerry: So, Silvio ambushed Joe Mayo?
jerry: He should have had a reverse peephole.
jerry: Hello? Hello?
jerry: So your saying UNICEF is a scam?
jerry: Oh! No it's Sally Weaver.
jerry: No, It's Susan Ross's old college roommate; she moved to New York a few years ago . she's trying to become an actress.
jerry: Untalented, She's always inviting me to see her in some bad play in tiny room without ventilation. It's really depressing.
jerry: She should just give up.
jerry: Heeyyy!...
jerry: Kramer!!!
jerry: So......Susan's dead.....
jerry: Why'd you have to say anything to her?
jerry: Why can't you ever keep your big mouth shut?
jerry: What did you wanna be?
jerry: I don't either.
jerry: It looks like my accountant's office but there's no pets working there.
jerry: You've been hiding her from us. you must really like her?
jerry: She does not.
jerry: Hey! Kramer.
jerry: What! You're the one who ruined her life.
jerry: Well, I got to talk her out of this.
jerry: She does stink and she should quit. But I don't want it to be because of me. It should be the traditional route; years of rejections and failures till she's spit out the bottom of the porn industry.
jerry: Yeah...
jerry: George's girlfriend, Elaine thinks she looks like me but I think it's as you would say,kookie talk.
jerry: What are you doing? Don't tell a woman she looks like a man and George doesn't want to hear his girlfriend looks like me and frankly neither do I
jerry: You don't broach, you keep your mouth shut.
jerry: Yeah! Because of you.
jerry: Sally, you can't quit the business. This is all because of me.
jerry: You can't give up. You don't think people tell me I stink? When I'm on stage that's all I hear; You stink, You suck. We like magic.
jerry: Of course, I stink, you stink. It's show bizz. everybody stinks..
jerry: All right, I think we've covered my act. Now you get out there and stink it up with everybody else.
jerry: NOW!!!!.... (she leaves in a hurry)
jerry: Oh! I think we're at the bottom.
jerry: Yeah. What does that mean?
jerry: Elaine huh?.. She's completely..
jerry: No....
jerry: It's ludicrous..
jerry: For either one of us..
jerry: So...
jerry: I'm not gay.
jerry: Come on in here.
jerry: What's happening? What, you doing, come and talk to us.
jerry: Lets talk about that.
jerry: Yeah right.
jerry: Kramer you're never gonna be able to completely stop talking.
jerry: Well what does this mean?
jerry: Kramer there's no way you stick to this.
jerry: Oh! you just startin' now?
jerry: Sally, I can't believe you're already doing a One-woman show?
jerry: Ah! There you are.(Kramer motions silence)
jerry: Aw.. right, code of silence.. how's that going?....Ha!!...
jerry: (to Kramer) Oh! Shut up!!!
jerry: Good luck, It's sold out for the next three weeks.
jerry: The New Yorker?
jerry: Wow! Good work, Nancy Drew
jerry: Nodding off...
jerry: Wow! that's incredible......But you don't draw.
jerry: What, your sad little horsies, the house with the little curl of smoke, the sunflower with the smiley face. the transparent cube... (as she leaves)
jerry: Where did you see that? Those are private!!!
jerry: No,no I tought the show was terrific. I was just wondering if you have to keep saying Jerry Seinfeld is the devil.
jerry: I know but I thought that maybe you could mention how I apologized then encouraged you to stick with it.
jerry: You got a little shmootz there (picks something on her sweater)
jerry: What a surprise.
jerry: There really was shmootz on I didn't try to grab her
jerry: Get Out of my House!!.
jerry: I'd stayed up all night I'd fixed myself up a little before I'd go out.
jerry: some mouthwash, a hat, something.
jerry: (glances at it) Pretty good.
jerry: It's a pig at a complain department.
jerry: I get it.
"jerry: How 'bout if it was something like "" I can't find my receipt my place's a stye."
jerry: I'm a comedian.
jerry: Well I got a complaint. This cartoon stinks.
jerry: oh! that's it I'm gonna put an end to this.
jerry: Now that's a complaint. ...Hello Sally, yeah this is Jerry,I just wanted to leave you a message that I caught your little piece on TV and..
jerry: ....I'm getting a little tired of hearing how horrible I am and would appreciate it if you would leave me out of your act all together.
jerry: (from the back of the club, leaving) That's it I'm calling in the big guns.
jerry: How could she say that on TV?.. And how did she get a cable special . I 've never gotten a cable special.....well that's it I'm not giving her any more material. We are incommunicado. (to the silent Kramer on the couch beside him) ...Exactly.
jerry: You ripped off a Ziggy?
"jerry: I see that Ziggy's back at the complaint department.. ""The New Yorker is stealing my ideas."" ha ha ha See that's funny.....'cause it's real."
jerry: Hey! Kramer come on in. You've got to watch this, now she's got nothing.
jerry: That's right sister. Why don't you just give up?
jerry: Elaine, have you been talking to her?
jerry: (to Kramer) I thought you stopped talking??
jerry: You broke up with her just because she cut her hair! how short?
jerry: You mean like.. (points to his hair)
jerry: So she..
jerry: And you don't...
jerry: So...
jerry: Hmmmm...
jerry: No, no......(long pause . they stare at the walls) Hey uh.. you want to see a movie?
jerry: I think that's for the best.
jerry: She said no?
jerry: What did you do?
jerry: George, both parties don't have to consent to a break-up. It's not like you're launching missiles from a submarine and you both have to turn your keys. Obviously, you didn't make a convincing case. Let me hear your arguments.
jerry: That's good.
jerry: Solid.
jerry: Always popular.
jerry: You have an airtight case!
jerry: I'm afraid we're out of time.
jerry: Hey.
"jerry: Check these out. These are Jerry Lewis' old cufflinks that he actually wore in the movie ""Cinderfella"". I got 'em at an auction."
jerry: No, Jerry Lewis is gonna be at this Friar's Club roast I'm goin' to next week. Now I have an in to strike up a conversation with him.
jerry: Oh, that'll intrigue him.
jerry: George Peppard has been dead for years.
jerry: What about Puddy?
jerry: (unimpressed) So, what's this guy about?
jerry: Or he's a crime fighter safeguarding his secret identity! Elaine, you could be dating the Green Lantern!
jerry: Green suit, power ring.
jerry: So you bought a cooler?
jerry: (doubtful) You were in the Army?
jerry: No, go ahead.
jerry: Oh, come on!
jerry: (walking towards door with Elaine) How long did you last? (opens door)
jerry: Kramer?!
jerry: So, you would date a married guy? That's so hacky.
jerry: THIS is your hiding place?! (Elaine laughs)
jerry: Elaine, what are you doin' down there?
jerry: Oh, I guess it's broken!
jerry: It's liable to bounce and go into a sewer.
jerry: You'll chicken out at the last second.
jerry: (annoyed) All right. (after a pause) Hey, you know what's weird?
jerry: I used to be able to have a huge meal and go right to sleep. But I can't anymore.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Here! I'm gonna try and fix the buzzer.
jerry: Hey...
jerry: (waving the key) You jammed your key in here? You shorted out my intercom!
jerry: I'm gonna go let Elaine in. (Kramer reaches out to stop him leaving)
jerry: (in the hallway, hearing the door lock behind him, turns back) Kramer!
jerry: Oh, hey. You got in.
jerry: (taking the menus) Oh, thanks.
jerry: So, he's definitely married, huh?
jerry: Boy, I would love to have been there when you told him off.
jerry: Oh, come on!
jerry: (out of window) George, the buzzer's broken! I'll come down!
jerry: (putting on his coat to go downstairs, he finds the key in his coat pocket) I believe this belongs to you.
jerry: (opens the door for George) Where did you get that?
jerry: (barring the way) I'm sorry. I-I don't know you.
jerry: There's been some robberies in the building. I-I can't let you in.
jerry: (shakes his head) I'm very sorry. (closing the door on Phil. Jerry smiles and shrugs apologetically as Phil stares at them through the glass)
jerry: Great, you're lonely and miserable again. (presses button to call elevator)
jerry: Is that guy still there? (They are side-on to Phil who is in the background, still pressed against the glass, aghast)
jerry: Don't look at him. (Phil starts to knock on the door)
jerry: We don't hear that. (They enter the elevator)
jerry: Nooo, I don't. (the elevator doors shut)
jerry: So you do live here.
jerry: You live on this floor?
jerry: (arriving at apartment, sees Phil start to open his apartment door, only one door down from Kramer's) So you live right... there.
jerry: So I guess I'll s--
jerry: Is he wretchedly poor? Does he wear one of those barrels with the straps?
jerry: So, when are you giving Boxcar Willie his walking papers?
jerry: Well, let's think. Have you ever dealt with the poor in any other situation?
jerry: Good. How did you handle that?
jerry: Same situation. Pay him off, and you're clean.
jerry: Hey, where have you been?
jerry: We found out his super power was lack of money.
jerry: He's invulnerable to creditors.
jerry: He's the Got-no-Green Lantern.
jerry: Sure, just tell Maura you're having an affair.
jerry: (fidgets like he has no room with George next to him)... Could you move over there?!
jerry: Really? How come you never pursued her before?
jerry: (to Elaine, still joking) He can wipe out his checking account in a single bounce!
jerry: There's a giant parrot in the hallway.
jerry: Who?
jerry: What'd ya tell him that for?
jerry: Really? What's it like? Is it nicer than mine? Where does he have the couch?
jerry: He let you?
jerry: Hi. Is Phil here?
jerry: Phil... hi. I-I know we got off to kind of a bad start. But your bird, which is lovely... by the way, made a mess on my door.
jerry: I thought maybe you'd clean it up, or your maid, there.
jerry: (nodding awkwardly for a moment) All right, I think we're done here. (Jerry leaves and Phil shuts the door darkly)
jerry: (in a tuxedo) So, you're in a relationship with a woman you don't like, and you're having an affair with a woman that won't have sex with you.
jerry: I cannot find my Jerry Lewis cufflinks. Without 'em, I have no in!
jerry: Where are you goin'? Help me look!
jerry: Which is with who?
jerry: I can't go until I find my cufflinks.
jerry: You're a lifesaver. Would you get them, please?
jerry: That strange Portuguese guy that lives next-door to the incinerator?
jerry: Oh, Phil... Mrs. Phil. I'm so sorry.
jerry: But I, I didn't, I--
jerry: Kramer, they think I killed Fredo! (Kramer gestures sympathetically) And who buries a bird?
jerry: Just get the key and let's get out of here.
jerry: Kramer!? (grabbing Kramer's arm roughly, pulling him back as he's about to knock)
jerry: You killed Fredo!
jerry: Kramer, I need those cufflinks, but now they're in the box, and the key is in the bird... What are we gonna do?
jerry: (frowning in realization) Oh, no!
jerry: Kramer, I can't believe we're grave robbers.
jerry: (seeing Fredo's tombstone) Oh, my God. Here he is. I don't want to dig him up! (hands the shovel to Kramer)
jerry: (grimaces and takes the shovel back) I'll dig.
jerry: (hitting metal with the first strike of the shovel) Well, that was easy.
jerry: (with a wild expression) Hey, Kramer! I dug Fredo up, now let's cut him open!
jerry: (after a very awkward pause, cheerily) Hey, neighbor.
jerry: (still in tuxedo, tie undone) Ah, I'll just take the fire escape to get in and out of the building.
jerry: You mean it was open? We desecrated a pet cemetery for nothing?
jerry: It's a Wizard electronic organizer for my dad. I'm goin' to Florida for his birthday.
jerry: Two hundred. But I'll tell him it's fifty. He doesn't care about the gift. He gets excited about the deal.
jerry: Ah, I'll tell him I got it on the street, and maybe it's hot. That's his favorite.
jerry: Susan's parents? When's the last time you talked to them?
jerry: Why, because you picked out the poision envelopes? That's silly.
jerry: Still no Puddy?
jerry: What? About you datin' a black guy? What's the big deal?
jerry: Darryl. He's black, isn't he?
jerry: Isn't he, Elaine?
jerry: What's his last name?
jerry: I think he's black.
jerry: Why not?
jerry: If he's black.
jerry: Does it matter?
jerry: Oh, so you need to know?
jerry: (getting out his wallet) Uh, one second.
jerry: House in the Hamptons?
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Wow. What are we celebrating?
jerry: With the little legs?
jerry: How much are they payin' you?
jerry: That's funny because I haven't seen you working for a while. A long while.
jerry: From what?
jerry: (seeing that Kramer has a new watch) What's that?
jerry: It's 530 in the morning!
jerry: (handing his dad a gift) Well, as long as I'm up. Dad, I got you a birthday present. Here. Happy Birthday.
jerry: What does that mean?
jerry: Radar detector? I've never seen you go over twenty miles an hour. You're like the Grand Marshall of the Rose Bowl Parade. It's a Wizard organizer.
jerry: Nah, I got it from a guy on the street. It was, like, fifty bucks.
jerry: Could be.
jerry: And you can do everything with it. You can get e-mail, fax, there's a calculator.
jerry: Yeah, I guess. But the really cool thing is the daily planner.
jerry: Kramer, what are you doing here?
jerry: Kramer, you can't live down here. This is where people come to die.
jerry: (getting looks from his parents) Not you. Older people.
jerry: If you feed him, he'll never leave.
jerry: I can't believe this.
jerry: Dad, it's got lots of other functions.
jerry: (looking at the Wizard) Well, your tip is four dollars and thirty-six point six six six six cents.
jerry: Oh, right. You can't run for condo president because you were impeached at the other condo.
jerry: What press?
jerry: She's fifty.
jerry: (in his parent's condo, on the phone with Elaine) So did you figure out Darryl's... you know.
jerry: (as Kramer walks by) You're a master of race relations.
jerry: Yeah, it's all my father's doing.
jerry: He wants to install Kramer in a puppet regime and then wield power from behind the scenes. Preferably from the sauna in the clubhouse.
jerry: Common sense and a guy in a wheelchair.
jerry: (overhearing the other two Elaine, Elaine--
jerry: (overhearing the other two) Oh, no.
jerry: George, listen to me. I have a very important job for you. I want you to come by twice a day and flush the toilet so the gaskets don't dry out and leak.
jerry: This is far more important. You must exercise the gaskets, George.
jerry: (in his parent's condo, to his father, who's in another room) Hey, Dad. You know you can program this thing to beep every time you need to take a vitamin. (as Kramer comes walking out in a retirement-like athletic sweatsuit) Dad, you look so different.
jerry: You know, you can put that whole schedule right in your daily planner.
jerry: Kramer, these people work and wait their whole lives to move down here, sit in the heat, pretend it's not hot, and enforce these rules.
jerry: Wizards!
jerry: Kramer...
jerry: Kramer, I can't get that many Wizards.
jerry: I didn't have a deal! They're two hundred dollars a pop. What do I do?
jerry: Down here?
jerry: Aw.
jerry: A Willard? Saccamano, Sr. screwed me!
jerry: Because a real Wizard's two hundred dollars.
jerry: No deal. Not hot.
jerry: Dad, I'm sorry.
jerry: It does other things!
jerry: And then?
jerry: Showmanship, George. When you hit that high note, you say goodnight and walk off.
jerry: That's the way they do it in Vegas.
jerry: I hear things.
jerry: It's a used car, he probably never changed the presets.
jerry: Plus he probably doesn't even know how to program the buttons.
jerry: So you prefer dumb and lazy to religious?
jerry: No, no, the old switcheroo is you poison your drink then you switch it with the other person's.
jerry: Yeah, Elaine's gonna do the same thing to Puddy's radio that the radio did to her.
jerry: Oh, she's picking me up in a few minutes.
jerry: I dunno. Since the last one. Oh, here she is. You wanna meet her?
jerry: Hey Mickey. Check the pepper shaker.
jerry: What's with the fake sneezing?
jerry: Do medical schools actually do this?
jerry: I think the phone is ringing.
jerry: Would you hold it a second?! Thank you, will you get out of here with that stuff?
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Elaine?
jerry: George??
jerry: Oh, I knew it was you, I was joking. I'm a comedian.
jerry: Ipecac? Kramer, I really think you guys are going too far with this.
jerry: Did he overdose?
jerry: What did you do the rest of the day?
jerry: And a bit of a tramp if you ask me.
jerry: No. So you're disappointed he's a spiritual person?
"jerry: I hear things. Hey, so Sophie gave me the ""It's me"" on the phone today."
jerry: I thought so.
jerry: No, no. He's pretending he's got gonorrhea so med students can diagnose it.
jerry: Showmanship, George is trying to get out on a high note.
jerry: Yes! Step into that spotlight and belt that gonorrhea out to the back row.
jerry: One message. Hope it's not from you.
jerry: Sophie.
jerry: Yep.
"jerry: I think that's a ""what's good for the goose is good for the gander""."
jerry: (picking up the phone and dialing) It's a goose that's had the old switcheroo pulled on it. Hi Sophie, it's me.
jerry: (to George) She thinks it's someone named Raef.
jerry: (into the phone, with a disguised voice) So, what's going on?
jerry: So, uh, how are things with Jerry?
jerry: Right, right, the tractor story.
jerry: I sound funny?
jerry: Yeah I better get to a doctor, bye. (Hangs up) That was close! What drives me to take chances like that?
jerry: She said there's some tractor story that she hasn't told me about.
jerry: Beep, beep, beep? What are you doing?
jerry: No one's stealing a tractor, it's a five-mile-an-hour getaway. We're dancing around the obvious, it's gotta be disfigurement.
jerry: No, she looks completely normal.
jerry: You think she's got toes for thumbs?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Why do I seek your counsel?
jerry: That seems about right.
jerry: Hey, have you heard the one about the guy in hell with the coffee and the doughtnuts and--
jerry: What do you care? You don't believe in hell.
jerry: So it's more of a relationship problem than the final destination of your soul.
jerry: Maybe you can strike one up with the prince of darkness as you burn for all eternity.
jerry: They should update these pieces, nobody rides horses anymore. Maybe they should change it to a tractor.
jerry: Losing? You know, yesterday I lost control of my car, almost bought the farm.
jerry: Tractor!
jerry: Wait, don't go. Let's thumb wrestle.
jerry: A big long scar where her leg would dangle when she's riding a...?
jerry: I'm sure she's a little self-conscious and doesn't like to talk about it.
jerry: She doesn't have toe thumbs.
jerry: Alright. So how's the two-man operation at Kruger?
jerry: Never.
jerry: Sophie, it's me. I know about the tractor story and I'm fine with it.
jerry: (putting his finger to Sophie's lips, then to his own, then back to Sopie's) Shh. Shh. Shh. It's not important. What's important is I'm not gonna let a little thing like that ruin what could be a very long-term and meaningful relationship.
jerry: Hey, hey! I'm with someone.
jerry: You got gonorrhea from a tractor?? And you call *that* your tractor story??
jerry: (walking out) Alright, that's it for me. You've been great. Goodnight everybody.
jerry: First it was the health club, then the supermarket, now the bookstore. They could put it anywhere they want, no one's meetin' anybody.
jerry: (Sarcastic) You better hurry.
jerry: (Sarcastic) Yes. The city needs more slow-moving wicker vehicles.
jerry: She's at that annual Peterman party tonight. You know the one she danced at last year?
jerry: (Pointing) Hey, there's Leo.
jerry: Uncle Leo.
jerry: Did I just see that?!
jerry: (Sarcastic) Yeah. I understand Guttenberg used to spend a lot of time in there.
jerry: (Reading the cover of the book George was forced to buy) 'French Impressionist Paintings'?
jerry: (Cutting him off) Thank you very much.
jerry: I can't. I'm meeting Uncle Leo. I saw him shoplifting at the bookstore.
jerry: Sleeping in the caragain?
jerry: (Remembering) Oh, right. The big party..
jerry: (Rubbing it in) Ah, the drunken make-out. An office classic. Did you end up xeroxing anything?
jerry: (Confused) What's your position?
jerry: (Jokingly rubbing it in) As opposed to a spirited bout of Skanko-Roman wrestling.
jerry: (Sarcastic) Oh, hey. Can I fix you fellas some drinks and sandwiches?
jerry: (Jokingly trying to be skeptical) No, you're not.
jerry: (Still skeptical) No, he doesn't.
jerry: Yes, it can.
jerry: So, who's gonna pull this thing?
jerry: (Extremely happy about Kramer and Newman's dilemma) My, isn't this an awkward moment?
jerry: (Sarcastic) Now, that's the first sensible idea I've heard all day.
jerry: So, Leo, how's everything? You doin' Okay?
jerry: (Shrugging his problems off) Yeah, yeah. But what about money? Are you strapped? Do you need a little?
jerry: (Being frank) Leo, I saw you in Brentano's yesterday.
jerry: Because you were too busy stealing a book.
jerry: (Showing that it's a problem) Leo, I saw you steal.
jerry: Who, criminals?
jerry: You could get arrested.
jerry: (Pleading) Leo..
jerry: (Thinking he's stopped Leo's thefts) Thank you.
jerry: (To himself) I don't believe this! (Walks over to a security guard) Excuse me, I wonder if you could do me a favor? My uncle's having a little problem with shoplifting..
jerry: (Pointing) He's over there in the overcoat. If you could just kind of put a scare into him.. You know, set him straight..
jerry: '51-50'? That - that's just a scare, right?
jerry: (To Guard) I just wanted you to scare him.
jerry: (Unsure of what to say - he remember's Leo's courtesy tip) Hello?
jerry: Mom, I didn't rat out Uncle Leo. I just wanted the guard to scare him straight.
jerry: (Scoffing) Prison. I'm sure it's just a fine.
jerry: (Not believeing it) Prior convictions? Leo?
jerry: (Confused) What does that mean?
jerry: (Shocked at his parents) You're stealing too?!
jerry: Mom, you too?
jerry: Alright, I'll talk to you later.
jerry: (Joking around) Well, you know, eighty-five percent of all homeless rickshaw businesses fail within the first three months.
jerry: To the Idiotmobile!
jerry: So, even though you're not really going out with this guy, he's cheating on you?
jerry: (Butting in) Tina Turner?
jerry: Is it so horrible to have to keep a book?
jerry: (Stern on George) Not underpants.
jerry: (Getting up) Uncle Leo. Hello!
jerry: (Trying to explain) Uncle Leo, I'm sorry. I didn't know about your.. past.
jerry: (Following Leo out the door) Uncle Leo, wait! Hello?!
jerry: Leo's furious. (He stops in his tracks when he sees Elaine looking at George's book) What is that doing on the table?
jerry: (Pointing) I'm not eating anything in the vicinity of that book.
jerry: That book has been on a wild ride. George took it into the bathroom with him and-
jerry: I don't read in the bathroom.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: Uncle Leo?
jerry: Nightmares. You?
jerry: You're not feeding him, are you?
jerry: (Scared) Ah! Kramer!
jerry: Get out of here!
jerry: Will everybody please leave?!
jerry: I want everyone out!
jerry: (Bitter) Good night, Newman.
jerry: (To Elaine) So, the worst is over?
jerry: Seems like you're better at fake relationships than real ones.
jerry: (To cashier) I'd like to speak with the manager, please.
jerry: George? What are you doin' here?
jerry: (Sarcasticly joking) It certainly has.
jerry: (Trying to straighten things out) You defile one book, steal another, ask for your money back - and to you that's even?
jerry: Yes. My Uncle Leo was cought shoplifing here the other day..
jerry: (Pleading) Oh, come on. He's just a lonely old man. All old people steal.
jerry: So it could be anyone?
jerry: That guy! (Pointing at George) Swarm! Swarm!
jerry: What is so bad about having a little piece of cake?
jerry: Why aren't you there now?
jerry: You know, I shouldn't go out with a friend of yours. I foresee messiness.
jerry: Hey, speaking of tomato sauce, you want to come with me and George to Mario's Pizza?
jerry: They're closing. We're going for one last slice.
jerry: Where did you get this?
jerry: You sure have a lot of friends. How come I never see any of these people?
jerry: So they just gave you this?
jerry: How come I haven't read about this?
jerry: Son of dad?
jerry: We used to come in every day.
jerry: All right, make it the large sodas.
jerry: Yeah. And then you went on to...Well, it's a good game.
"jerry: Hey, look at the high score--""G.L.C."" George Louis Costanza. That's not you, is it?"
jerry: I remember that night.
jerry: I think I remember why we stopped coming here.
jerry: I'll tell you Lisi, I never expected that movie to--
jerry: Be that long. I mean, most action movies are--
jerry: Not as long.
jerry: Get going.
jerry: Well, it was nice meeting you. I'm sure I'll see you--
jerry: Actually, that's--
jerry: Right.
jerry: Sure. (points at booth) How about this one?
jerry: Fabulous. See, now you're really do something.
jerry: Hey, how you gonna keep the machine plugged in while you move it?
jerry: Once you unplug the machine, all the scores will be erased.
jerry: Oh, come on. There's a lot of people walking around the city that look like me.
jerry: Another friend?
jerry: Come on.
jerry: Hello?
jerry: She's a sentence finisher. It's like dating Mad Libs.
jerry: What is that?
jerry: So join in.
jerry: All right.
jerry: Hey, wh-what--
jerry: Well Lisi, that was another-
jerry: Really bad meal. I was thinking maybe we should--
jerry: Call it a night. I'll walk you home. Where do you live?
jerry: Riverside Park.
jerry: Back to my place. That's right.
jerry: She lives right off Riverside Park. I was scared of the Lopper, So I let her stay over.
jerry: Well, I just wanted to make out a little, but she kind of--
jerry: How'd it taste?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Pennsylvania Dutch country? Oh, that's the serious relationship weekend place.
jerry: Well, I think by sleeping with her, I may have sent her the wrong message.
jerry: Well, I'm calling this off right now.
jerry: Well, I'm not going over there. That's where the Lopper is.
jerry: Hi, Lisi.
jerry: Uh, yeah. I found it on the street. It's gotta be worth something.
jerry: Well, before we do anything...maybe we should talk.
jerry: Then this Pennsylvania Dutch thing comes out of nowhere. I mean, how am I supposed to respond to that?
jerry: Well I'm sorry if I ruined your life. That's exactly what I set out to do.
jerry: Have we even been in public?
jerry: You are not dumb. Don't say that..
jerry: These beans are pretty good.
jerry: Well, I'm sorry I'm not Brad. I'm me!
jerry: Nice to meet ya!
jerry: Oh, thank god. Why is it dark out? What time is it?
jerry: We've been breaking up for 10 hours?
jerry: Lopper. You know, Lisi, maybe we should give this a little more time. See how it looks in the light of day.
jerry: Lopper.
jerry: Lisi, Lisi. Let me in! We can work this out. I was wrong, you were right. I'll do anything!
jerry: No. I'm waiting for...
jerry: Oh. Sounds great.
jerry: Oh, I can't. I'm busy. I'm going away on a long weekend.
jerry: Great. Uh, you know what? Why don't you put it in the car so I don't toss it in that dumpster?
jerry: A long, long weekend.
jerry: Well, come on George, I'll help you push it across.
jerry: By yourself?
jerry: Game over.
jerry: I was screamin' at hecklers all night. The last time I open for a rodeo.
jerry: Is this the suicide talk or the nickname talk?
jerry: You mean like...Liza!
"jerry: But there's no ""t"" in your name. What about G-bone?"
jerry: There's a g-spot.
jerry: T-bone, the ladies are gonna love ya.
jerry: They heard I opened for Kenny Rogers once.
jerry: Oh, I had that comin' to me.
jerry: You don't have to whisper. She knows she's a maid.
jerry: I hired her from a service!
jerry: Thank you. Nice job.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What?
jerry: Notice what? She's not really even a maid.
jerry: She wants to be an actress...or a, uh, model...or a dancer...or a...news woman.
jerry: You have a girlfriend?
jerry: At a rodeo. Where's she moving?
jerry: It's like 10 minutes by subway.
jerry: That's the new area code. They've run out of 242s, so all the new numbers are 646.
jerry: Here we go.
jerry: And a dead bolt.
jerry: Well Cindy, the place looks great.
jerry: Ok, I'll see ya.
jerry: Elaine, do you think I would go willy-nilly into a situation so obviously fraught with potential complications?
jerry: No. I pay her to clean. The rest is--
"jerry: I was going to say, ""Being a good host."""
jerry: But the point is we have our personal relationship, and we have our work relationship. They're separate and, I think, some what sophisticated.
jerry: Yes, I do.
jerry: Yes, we have.
jerry: The store.
jerry: Stuff.
jerry: And gum.
jerry: She's not a maid. She might be a news woman!
jerry: Kramer, you're still on the phone?
jerry: Really? It's Tuesday here. What day is it there?
jerry: Madeline stays here.
jerry: Hey, T-bone!
jerry: No T-bone?
jerry: No! There's no T-bone!
jerry: Why no T-bone?
jerry: Yes.
jerry: No.
jerry: Yeah. It's in your closet.
jerry: They're behind my skis and my tennis racket.
jerry: Where you goin'?
jerry: Well, she's here. She just didn't get around to it.
jerry: What did I just pay for?
jerry: Koko?
jerry: Well, it's probably the most intelligent ape there is.
jerry: Well, everything's goin' great except, basically, I'm payin' for sex.
jerry: No, George. She's coming over and not cleaning. It's like I'm seein' a prostitute.
jerry: 40.
jerry: I don't know what this is.
jerry: Ooh.
jerry: I look about the same.
jerry: I was talking to him.
jerry: Never mind.
jerry: What?
jerry: Go back.
jerry: I said, never mind.
jerry: I hate the counter.
jerry: Hey.
jerry: Oh, she didn't mind?
jerry: Hey, that's great.
jerry: Elaine got a new number because she died.
jerry: Some new kind of pie.
jerry: Hey, there's a booth.
jerry: So how's it goin' at work? They get tired of it?
jerry: Double zero?
jerry: Sounds like he runs a real tight ship.
jerry: Good-bye, Koko.
jerry: Kramer, maybe this relationship isn't for you.
jerry: I didn't hear anything.
jerry: Oh, right! Hey, it was great seeing you again. I love your outfit.
jerry: For what?
jerry: But you didn't really do any work.
jerry: But you took a nap in it.
jerry: I thought that was kind of girlfriend bed making.
jerry: Well, who took the nap?
jerry: $40 seems kind of steep for a nap.
jerry: Ho, ho...ho! Hold on. Let's keep this sophisticated.
jerry: So is this a breakup/quitting?
jerry: Oh, yeah? Well, then, we're through! And you're fired!
jerry: So the kid doesn't know his grandmother is dead? G-5?
jerry: Miss.
jerry: I wouldn't worry about it. B-6?
jerry: Elaine...
jerry: Hello?
jerry: I accept.
jerry: Well, what happened?
jerry: What's around you?
jerry: Is it Famous Ray's?
jerry: Famous Original Ray's?
jerry: Well, what street are you on?
jerry: Just wait there. I'll pick you up, and, Kramer, stay alive no matter what occurs, I will find you!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Cindy.
jerry: You know, she didn't really do what she was supposed to do.
jerry: Hey, come on. Come on. I gotta live around here.
jerry: What?
jerry: I don't want to make trouble. You want the money? Here.
jerry: Nexus of the universe. Hey, Cindy. Cindy.
jerry: Here. I got your money.
jerry: Come on. Take it. It's money. Let me give it to ya.
jerry: Well, this is all very sophisticated.
jerry: Right. It's just an activity. It's like that paddle with the ball and the rubber band.
jerry: I can't believe you all made me leave before the end of the game.
jerry: Keep your shirt on. I got it.
jerry: Look at this guy. He's trying to box me out.
jerry: Oh, calm down, maroon Golf. He thinks I cut him off. He accelerated.
jerry: How was it?
jerry: Yeah. They should make a movie about all the Hindenburg flights that made it.
jerry: Heh.
jerry: Imagine the laugh you could have gotten if you'd yelled that out at the actual disaster.
jerry: What is that music?
jerry: Oh, no.
jerry: See? If we had stayed, we could have seen those runs.
jerry: I don't know how you can unwind with that clock ticking. It makes me anxious.
jerry: But that's a one-way street coming this way. Besides, how am I gonna get all the way over there?
jerry: All right, I'm worming.
jerry: They're not letting me in.
jerry: Well, I think we're gonna need more than a hand. They have to see a human face.
jerry: The stare-ahead. I hate that. I use it all the time.
jerry: One more lane to go.
jerry: Maroon Golf.
jerry: Could you move your car back a little?
jerry: You can't do that. You can't just leave the group.
jerry: Can you believe her?
jerry: Where are you going?
jerry: You're going to that again? Why? Just to do that stupid line?
jerry: That's not what I do.
jerry: Maybe a little. Ah, hell, I guess it is.
jerry: I've gotta see this game. If it wasn't for this guy, we could get out of here.
jerry: Walk away?
jerry: Isn't there a deductible?
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: From what?
jerry: We're not leaving the car!
jerry: Absolutely not. He sped up.
jerry: I'm ready to talk.
jerry: What's that?
jerry: Ok!
jerry: What's that on your forehead?
jerry: Hey, is that one of those laser pointers?
"jerry: See ya around maroon Golf. And, by the way, that was an ""I'm not sorry"" wave."
jerry: I'm glad I cut you off, because black Saab rules! So long, jackass!
jerry: Elaine?!
jerry: So if everyone would just put their cars in reverse at the same time, we can do this. All right, on the count of three. Can everyone hear me? Hey, amigo, are you paying attention?
jerry: Not you! The guy in the Amigo.
jerry: Elaine, why did you have the cab come down the street?! We were almost out!
jerry: Elaine, he doesn't need-
jerry: 'Cause that's what's gonna happen.
jerry: I don't know.
jerry: Hold it, George. Don't move. It's right between your eyes.
jerry: Hey, there's the soda guy.
jerry: What seems to be the problem, officer?
jerry: At me?
jerry: Oh. It's back.
jerry: What if it gets in the side?
jerry: Yeah. Wouldn't it just bounce back and forth between your cornea and the mirror, faster and faster, getting more and more intense, until finally-
jerry: Oh. It's in your eye now.
jerry: Kramer, the Mets have got men on base!
jerry: You were watchin'? Where?
jerry: Oh, that was a strike! Did you see that?!
jerry: Eh...Varnsen. Kel Varnsen. Actually, this room intrigues me. Why is it called the TV room?
jerry: Balk?! How was that a balk?! You have any snacks?
jerry: Not Pennypacker!
jerry: I wish I didn't. Brace yourself, madam, for an all-out bidding war. But this time, advantage Varnsen!
jerry: Oh, hello...
jerry: Mr. Vandelay, of course.
jerry: Pennypacker.
jerry: Vandelay. Wait a second. Mr. Pennypacker, if you're here, and Mr. Vandelay is also here, then who's watching the factory?
jerry: The Saab factory?
jerry: My car!
jerry: I love a parade!
jerry: Well, what about my car?
jerry: Hey, there's Elaine.
jerry: Well, you look, uh...relaxed.
jerry: Well, at least he didn't-
jerry: Somebody remember where we parked.
jerry: I know what you mean.
jerry: It's like going out with someone and you never hear from them again.
jerry: Not really, but it's something. Ask the people behind you.
jerry: So what are you doing later? You want to go to the movies?
jerry: To see a movie.
jerry: Not this movie.
jerry: Did you shower today?
jerry: That's usually the kind of mood I'm in when I haven't showered.
jerry: Oh, quit complaining. At least you have your health.
jerry: What is that?
jerry: Ey, ey!
jerry: Nothing.
jerry: Have a good time.
jerry: You know you're turning into Burt Lancaster?
jerry: Jill's father is in the hospital and you call to ask about him on a cell phone?
jerry: Faux pas.
"jerry: You can't make a health inquiry on a cell phone. It's like saying ""I don't want to take up any of my important time in my home so I'll just get it out of the way on the street."""
jerry: It's an act of total disregard. It's selfish.
jerry: It's pompous.
jerry: Hey - hey - hey!
jerry: Where do you think this relationship is? If you are thinking of instituting an open-door urination policy, let me disabuse you of that notion right now, my friend.
jerry: Uptight? Let's all just have a big pee party. Hey everybody, grab a bucket. We're going up to Jerry's. It's a pee party.
jerry: Hello. Yeah, hi, this is Jerry Seinfeld calling for James Kimbrough. Hello? Hi? Uh huh, really, uh, no problem, definitely, ok, buhbye. That was James Kimbrough.
"jerry: He is the new president of NBC. He wants to sit down with us and talk about ""Jerry."""
jerry: Right.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Today, like right now.
"jerry: ""Jerry""!"
"jerry: He wants to talk about ""Jerry""!"
"jerry: ""Jerry""!"
jerry: Sure!
jerry: Forget the sports jacket.
jerry: You're not a writer.
jerry: Ok, now listen, I don't want any scenes in here like the last time.
jerry: Don't blow this.
jerry: If he says he doesn't want it to be a show about nothing, don't go nuts.
jerry: He might not want nothing.
jerry: He might want a show about anything and everything.
jerry: All right.
jerry: What?
jerry: Good, good. You remember George.
jerry: Don't spell.
jerry: Shut up, George.
jerry: Oy.
jerry: Because the next day in the offices, people gather around the water coolers to talk about it, right?
"jerry: Well it's probably just easier to say ""water cooler show"" than ""coffee machine show."""
jerry: But I think Mr. Kimbrough makes a good point.
jerry: He's a little off the wall.
jerry: Definitely.
jerry: Yeah!
jerry: Hi. Elaine, it's me.
jerry: No no - this is an emergency - get off the phone.
"jerry: The ""Jerry""'s back on - the TV show! George and I are moving to California!"
jerry: Did you hear what I said?
jerry: Jill? Well, why didn't you say so?
jerry: So now she's lost a phone face-off? That's even worse than your cell phone walk-and-talk.
jerry: Yeah, it's pretty good.
jerry: NBC is letting me use their private jet? And I can go anywhere I want? That's fantastic! Thanks. Great. Okay, bye.
jerry: Hey - how was the beach?
jerry: I had a little meeting today at NBC. What are you doing?
"jerry: So do you remember five years ago, we did that pilot, ""Jerry""? Well, the new guy at NBC wants to do it. They're putting it on the air! They're giving us a 13-episode commitment. George and I are moving to California!"
jerry: Yeah, only for a while.
jerry: No, I'll be back.
jerry: And my agent said as a bonus, I can use their private jet, so we'll all go somewhere - the four of us, one big fling before George and I go to California.
jerry: Anywhere.
jerry: I think they want to make it up to us cause they let this thing sit on their shelf for five years.
jerry: Russia, it's so bleak.
jerry: It's still bleak.
jerry: You can be bleak in spring.
jerry: Alright - come on - come on now, people. Let's face it, we're not all going to agree on anything. Why don't we all just go to Paris?
jerry: So that's it - it's settled, we're going to Paris.
jerry: Wait, you can't make a call like that on your way out. You can't rush that conversation.
jerry: First you make a cell-phone walk-and-talk, then she loses a call-waiting face-off, now you're talking about a plane call?
jerry: Hello, Newman. What gives?
jerry: Yeah, that's right.
jerry: Really.
jerry: That's a shame.
jerry: Oh, forget it. Pull yourself together. You're making me sick. Be a man!
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: All set. We'll just grab the bags.
jerry: Just keeps on getting better and better.
jerry: Not bad.
jerry: You're complaining about a private jet?
jerry: Ted Danson is not even on the network anymore.
jerry: You're not writing any letters!
jerry: Still got water in your ear?
jerry: Kramer, what the hell did you do?
jerry: Kramer!
jerry: Is this it? Is this how it ends? It can't- it can't end like this.
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: What? What is it?
jerry: What?
jerry: Why?
jerry: Great - I won.
jerry: Yeah, Elaine I got something I want to say to you.
jerry: Alright.
jerry: We're straightening out!
jerry: Where are we?
jerry: Okay.
jerry: We'll see you later.
jerry: I say we go back to New York, and take a regular flight.
jerry: Alright, I'll feel him out.
jerry: Another one?
jerry: Well, there goes the money for the lipo.
jerry: That's a shame. Alright, I'm gonna call NBC.
jerry: Okay, thanks anyway. They can't get another plane.
jerry: No, no, no. We're not getting on there. Come on, let's go get something to eat in Sticksville.
jerry: Under arrest? What for?
jerry: Oh, yeah.
jerry: But then we would have missed the whole thing.
jerry: I forgot about the video.
jerry: Plane's ready.
jerry: You know I've had to reduce my milk level. My whole life I've always filled to at least three quarters - sometimes, to the top of the cereal. Now, to conserve, I can't even see the milk anymore. It's a big adjustment.
jerry: It's one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.
jerry: Good morning.
jerry: No.
jerry: This one?
jerry: Do I have to?
jerry: Yeah.
jerry: Well, there goes the money for the lipo.
jerry: Gimme that rye.
jerry: I want that rye lady.
jerry: Shut up, you old bag!
jerry: The virgin!
jerry: Who the hell is that?
jerry: That's right, the Bubble Boy.
jerry: He's a boy who lives in a bubble.
jerry: Why would I do it unless I was in mortal danger? I know it's against the law.
jerry: Because I could get uromycitisis poisoning and die - that's why.
jerry: Who?
jerry: Medium crab bisque.
jerry: Just forget it. Let it go.
jerry: How did they find Babu?
jerry: Do they make you wear uniforms in prison?
jerry: It's not that bright orange one is it?
jerry: Hey Elaine, what was it you were about to say to me on the plane when it was going down?
jerry: Maybe because she knows you're going to jail.
jerry: What?
jerry: Well, it's only a year. That's not so bad. We'll be out in a year, and then we'll be back
jerry: Sure.
jerry: I think that would be a very nice gesture.
jerry: See now, to me, that button is in the worst possible spot.
jerry: Oh yeah. The second button is the key button. It literally makes or breaks the shirt. Look at it, it's too high, it's in no-man's land.
jerry: You think?
jerry: Yeah, maybe we have.
jerry: So what is the deal with the yard? I mean when I was a kid my mother wanted me to play in the yard. But of course she didn't have to worry about my next door neighbor Tommy sticking a shiv in my thigh. And what's with the lockdown? Why do we have to be locked in our cells? Are we that bad that we have to be sent to prison, in prison? You would think the weightlifting and the sodomy is enough. So, anyone from Cellblock D?
jerry: I'll talk slower. I'm kidding - I love Cellblock D. My friend George is in Cellblock D. What are you in for,sir?
jerry: Murder one? Oooooo, watch out everybody. Better be nice to you. I'm only kidding sir - lighten up. How about you, what are you in for?
jerry: Grand theft auto - don't steal any of my jokes.
jerry: Hey, I don't come down to where you work, and knock the license plate out of your hand.
jerry: Alright, hey, you've been great! See you in the cafeteria.
