kramer: Do you handle any of that commercial...real estate?
kramer: Hi.
kramer: Hey Morty! (to Jerry) Salad dressing?
kramer: Quo? Thats not a word.
kramer: No, you dont have to challenge that. Thats a word. Thats a definite word.
kramer: Quone. To quone something.
kramer: Nah, we need a medical dictionary! If a patient gets difficult, you quone him.
kramer: Uh, Jer, well you know, I was cookin and I, I uh, I came in to get this spatula...and I left the door open, cause I was gonna bring the spatula right back!
kramer: (guiltily) The door.
kramer: Yeah, well, I was gonna bring the spatula right back.
kramer: Well, I got caught up... watching a soap opera. The Bold And The Beautiful.
kramer: Wide open!
kramer: Look, Jerry, Im sorry, Im uh- you have insurance, right buddy?
kramer: (shocked) How can you not have insurance?
kramer: Jerry! Im gonna find your stuff. Im gonna solve it, Im on the case, buddy, Im on the case.
kramer: (theatrical) I made a mistake.
kramer: Im human.
kramer: Jerry, I think Im on to something. I think I found your stuff. You know the Englishman who lives down the hall?
kramer: The last couple a days hes been acting very strange. I think hes avoiding me.
kramer: Yeah! And get this I just got off the elevator with him and I tested him, I tested him, like I...this is what I said to him, like I, I was like this, I went, Oh, by the way, I know about the stuff.
kramer: ..you know, very casually,
kramer: (cont'd) so that he was gonna take me into his confidence.
kramer: What stuff?
kramer: No, you dont understand, you see, he swallowed. See, the guy, he swallowed. Oh, he was nervous about something! Now, Im gonna go over there, Im gonna borrow some tea. If I dont get back in five minutes, maybe youd better call the police.
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: (to the phone) Oh, theyve got a cure for cancer. See, its all big business. Oh hey, Jerry just walked in. Hi, George. (to the phone again) Yeah yeah yeah yeah take my number. 555-8643. Okay, here he is.
kramer: Take it.
kramer: Its for you.
kramer: Well, its your phone. He wanted to talk to you.
kramer: Well, why not?
kramer: Thats for me. (to the phone) Kramerica Industries. Oh, hi, Mark. No no no. Forget that. I got a better idea. A pizza place where you make your own pie...
kramer: (ignoring Jerry) No no no. Im talking about a whole chain of em. Yeah.
kramer: Oh, hey guys. Man, Im telling you, this pizza idea, is really going to happen.
kramer: Yeah, we give you the dough, you smash it, you pound it, you fling it in the air. And then you get to put your sauce and you get to sprinkle your cheese, and then- you slide it into the oven.
kramer: Its all supervised.
kramer: All of it. You want to invest?
kramer: No, Im tellin you, people, they really want to make their own pizza pie.
kramer: Thats you.
kramer: Okay, okay. I just wanted to check with you guys.
kramer: You know, this business is going to be big. I just wanted- okay.
kramer: One day, youll beg me to make your own pie.
kramer: Oh, hi Elaine, hey. (to Jerry) Hey, you missed a great game tonight, buddy!
kramer: Knick game. Horneck took me. We were sitting two rows behind the bench. We're getting hit by sweat!
kramer: Last week. When I, you know, gave you the phone. Hes really into my pizza place idea!
kramer: You get to make your own pie!
kramer: Yea.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Okay, who wants meatloaf?
kramer: (to Joel) Its gonna be hot in a minute.
kramer: Bad news, my friend.
kramer: Two and a half points.
kramer: Hey, I told you.
kramer: Its all manipulated with junk bonds. You cant win.
kramer: Hey, I dont care. Im just telling you to (yelling) get rid of that stock, now!
kramer: Sell it, just say Im selling!
kramer: You know, I cant believe you put your money in that Sendrax. And you couldve invested in my roll-out tie dispenser.
kramer: Okay, youre in a restaurant. Youve got a very big meeting coming up...
kramer: (looks at his shirt as if he had a tie on) Oh man, you got mustard on your tie!
kramer: You just (makes the tearing sound) tear it off, and vvvvrrrpppp you got a new one right here. Then youre gone.
kramer: (Looking at map) Hey, where, where are you going? You gonna take a trip? The map... what...
kramer: Hey, can I use your place? I got a bunch of friends coming over this weekend.
kramer: Well, its just some people I met at a rock concert. (Phone rings.) Do you mind if they use your bed? (Jerry give Kramer a look.) Cause theyre really good people, Jerry. Im telling you. You know, theyre anarchists. Theyre.. theyre.. theyre.. huge.
kramer: How much are you down altogether?
kramer: Wow.
kramer: Oh, look at this one by the bus stop. Jerry, come here. Take a look at this.
kramer: What a body. Yeeaahh. Thats for me.
kramer: Im gonna go down there and try and talk to her.
kramer: (to the intercom) Come on up.
kramer: Taste this.
kramer: No, taste it. Taste it.
kramer: Youve never had cantaloupe like this before...
kramer: ...Jerry. This is great cantaloupe.
kramer: Uh-huh. Its good?
kramer: Good, huh?
kramer: I got it at Joes.
kramer: Forty-nine cents a pound. Thats practically half than what youre paying at the supermarket. I dont know why you dont go to Joes.
kramer: Its three blocks further. You can use my shopping cart..
kramer: See, the other thing is, if you dont like anything, he takes it right back.
kramer: I liked Marlene. Whats her number?
kramer: George, I want you to taste this cantaloupe.
kramer: Its the best cantaloupe I ever had.
kramer: Jerry, tell him how good this cantaloupe is.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: I got it! This time, I got it!
kramer: Hips! See, its all hips.
kramer: You gotta come through with the hips first.
kramer: Joes?
kramer: Well, is it good?
kramer: Let me taste it.
kramer: See, that stinks. You cant eat that. You should take that back.
kramer: All right, Ill take it back. Im going by there.
kramer: Jerry, you should care. Cantaloupe like this should be taken out of circulation.
kramer: Well?
kramer: (smiles) Oh. Oh, Marlene...
kramer: I thought you were trying to get rid of her?
kramer: Does George know?
kramer: Yeah, no kidding.
kramer: Whoa, psychosexual.
kramer: Man, I dont understand people. I mean, why would George want to deprive you of pleasure? Is it just me?
kramer: Youre his friend. Better that she should sleep with someone else? Some jerk that he doesnt even know?
kramer: Youre a human being.
kramer: Youre flesh and blood.
kramer: Nope. No good.
kramer: Well, Im taking this back.
kramer: Morty, are you coming in?
kramer: (to Jerry) Hey, howd you do?
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: Im completely changing the configuration of the apartment. Youre not gonna believe it when you see it. A whole new lifestyle.
kramer: Levels.
kramer: Yeah, Im getting rid of all my furniture. All of it. And Im going to build these different levels, with steps, and itll all be carpeted with a lot of pillows. You know, like ancient Egypt.
kramer: No no. Its all in my head.
kramer: Oh, Ill be comfortable.
kramer: Ohh... should be done by the end of the month.
kramer: Its a simple job. Why, you dont think I can?
kramer: Well, I got the tools. I got the pillows. All I need is the lumber.
kramer: Well, this time, this time youre wrong. Cmon. Ill even bet you.
kramer: A big dinner with dessert. But Ive got till the end of the month.
kramer: No no no. End of the month.
kramer: Oh, hi. I uh just came to say goodbye.
kramer: Need any help with those?
kramer: Oh, well... I decided Im not gonna do it.
kramer: Yeah. So long, Morty.
kramer: Theres no dinner. The bets off. Im not gonna do it.
kramer: Ya well, theres no bet if Im not doing it.
kramer: Yeah, well, I could do it. I dont wanna do it.
kramer: And it could be done.
kramer: I dont want the levels!
kramer: Hey. New jacket?
kramer: Its beautiful.
kramer: Thats definitely you.
kramer: Thats more you than youve ever been. Hey, what is with the pink lining?
kramer: Oh... So, what did you pay for this?
kramer: How much?
kramer: What, youre not gonna tell me?
kramer: Over three hundred?
kramer: Its over four hundred?
kramer: Is it over four hundred?
kramer: Woah, Nelson!
kramer: What are you gonna do with the leather one?
kramer: Well, are you gonna wear it?
kramer: Youre not going to wear this.
kramer: Well, yeah. Okay. Ill take it. I like the jacket.
kramer: Heey, good karma for you. (Kramer puts on Jerrys old jacket and stands next to Jerry, looking in the mirror.) Oh baby.
kramer: (to Jerry) Hey. Hey, would you do me a solid?
kramer: I need you to sit in the car for two minutes while its double-parked. I gotta pick up some birds.
kramer: Yeah. A friend of mine, hes a magician. Hes going away on vacation. He asked me to take care of his doves.
kramer: They wont take a cage full of birds.
kramer: George, do me a solid? Two minutes.
kramer: All right... Yeah. All right, have a good one.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Ive gotta feed the birds.
kramer: You got any of those mini Ritzes?
kramer: Yeah! Well, are you going out?
kramer: Hey, wheres your new jacket? (Jerry points to the jacket hanging in the bathroom. Its ruined.) What? (Kramer enters the bathroom, and sees the garment.) Ohhh. What did you do to it?
kramer: Dont you know what that does to suede?
kramer: So, uh... what are you gonna do with that one now?
kramer: (smiling) Well...
kramer: You gonna throw this out?
kramer: (to Jerry) Well, if youre just gonna throw it out, you know, I could take it.
kramer: Hey, see, I like it like this.
kramer: Boy, its too bad you gave me this one too.
kramer: Im gonna have to do something about this lining.
kramer: Hey, I just thought of a really funny thing for your act. All right, youre up there, youre on the stage and you go, Hey, you ever notice how cars here in New York, they never get out of the way of ambulances anymore. Someones in a life-and-death situation, and were thinking, Well, sorry buddy, you shouldve thought of that when you were eating cheese omelettes and sauages for breakfast every morning for the last thirty years.
kramer: So you gonna use it?
kramer: Its funny.
kramer: Thats as good as anything you do.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh. Cotton Dockers!
kramer: What? Where are we going?
kramer: One hundred percent Cotton Dockers. If theyre not Dockers, theyre just pants
kramer: What happened there?
kramer: Mousse. I moussed up.
kramer: You know, I should've done this years ago. I mean, I feel like I've had two lives. My pre-mousse. And now, I begin my post-mousse. Hey, tell me the truth, have you ever seen a better looking guy?
kramer: (annoyed that he forgot) Oh, I keep forgetting to enter that!
kramer: Hey, Harold, what do you think?
kramer: (not understanding him) Hey, thanks.
kramer: You know, I dont even know why youre fooling around with this ring. Ive been telling you, get yourself some plugs. Or a piece.
kramer: Oh, man. You know, youre crazy. Youre a good looking guy. What do you want to walk around like that for?
kramer: (to Elaine) Hey, my new neighbor!
kramer: What?
kramer: So, okay uh whats the problem?
kramer: Cmon, you can come up with five thousand dollars. (to Jerry) Jerry, you dont have five thousand dollars you can led her? Come on.
kramer: Loan her the money. You can afford it.
kramer: Oh, cmon. Shell pay you back. Whats five grand between friends?
kramer: Yeah, so whats the problem?
kramer: Hey see He said hed loan you the money.
kramer: Thats okay. He doesnt care.
kramer: Get outta here.
kramer: Whats to think about?
kramer: You didnt want her in the building?
kramer: Well, then what did you loan her the five thousand for? Oh, look, maybe she wont take it. I mean, she did say that she was gonna think about it.
kramer: I still dont understand what the problem is having her in the building.
kramer: Because Im a pod?
kramer: Well, its all taken care of. Everythings cool.
kramer: Elaine.
kramer: I just found a guy whos willing to pay ten thousand dollars for the apartment.
kramer: Cash.
kramer: Hes in the music business.
kramer: Well, occasionally I like to help the humans.
kramer: Oh, I love the one they do right after this one! (Starts dancing)
kramer: You want these? Knee socks. You dont wear knee socks.
kramer: Now this I like.
kramer: Wait, wait, wait...
kramer: Come on...
kramer: Cmon, George. I saw it first.
kramer: No, I got dibs!
kramer: Potato man!
kramer: Okay...yea well uh start with me.
kramer: What?! Wait a minute. No, no, no. What are you doing? No, no, oh, oh, okay. Hes out. I get it.
kramer: Do over  start with him.
kramer: All right, you can have it. (Kramer tosses the statue to George.)
kramer: Okay, Im gonna take the suit, and the shoes, and the hat.
kramer: Hey, I look like Joe Friday in Dragnet.
kramer: Oh, uh, well - okay.
kramer: Lets go get him.
kramer: You wanna go get him?
kramer: I say we get him.
kramer: Im not happy about this.
kramer: (talking to himself) Im not happy about this.
kramer: (from the other side of the door) Police! Open up!
kramer: Freeze, mother!
kramer: Shut up. Spread em. I said spread em! (looks around) Youre in big trouble son. Burglary, grand larceny, possession of stolen goods... and uh, uh... murder.
kramer: Shut up! Keep em spread! Just make love to that wall, pervert!
kramer: Is your name Ray?
kramer: Yeah, youre the punk Im looking for!
kramer: Yeah, Im a cop. Im a good cop. Im a damn good cop! (On that line, Kramer points to Ray, and Ray turns back to the wall. Kramer heads for the door.) Todays your lucky day, junior, cause Im gonna let you off with a warning. Any more of this criminal activity, and youll be sorry. You got me?
kramer: Good, good. Lets uh keep it that way.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well, lets just say I didnt take him to Peoples Court.
kramer: Well, Ill think of something.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Boy, I have really had it with Newman. He wakes me up again last night at three o'clock in the morning to tell me he's going up onto the roof to kill himself.
"kramer: I said "" Jump."" Well, he's been threatening to do this for years. I said "" Look, if you're gonna kill yourself do it already and stop bothering me."" At least I'd respect the guy for accomplishing something."
kramer: No job. No women.
kramer: Well, what am I supposed to tell him? How much there is for him to live for? Why should I lie to him?
kramer: Why don't you use the machines down in the basement?
kramer: How 'bout if I put a few things --
kramer: Well, you're going over there.
kramer: Have you ever met my guys?
kramer: Well!
kramer: Ah!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: He jumped.
kramer: Yeah. Newman jumped.
kramer: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
"kramer: I said "" Wave to me when you pass my window."""
kramer: No! He jumped from the second floor. Mr. Papanickolous saw him from across the street. He's lying out there faking. See, he's trying to get back at me.
kramer: What's the matter?
kramer: Where? Where?
kramer: Okay. Come on. Give the guy his money. What -- what are you doing?
kramer: No. You can't let him get away with this.
kramer: Come on. What's the big deal? Just gonna put a little concrete in the washing machine.
kramer: Well, it'll gonna mix up with the water, and then by the end of the cycle it'll be a solid block!
kramer: You keep him busy.
kramer: Whoa!
kramer: I didn't realize it was a full box.
kramer: (seeing Jerry is with people) Oh.
kramer: It was in my laundry.
kramer: It was about 1200 bucks.
kramer: Oh! That's Newman. (goes over to the window)
kramer: (yelling up) Well, what are you waiting for?
kramer: You wanna shoot some pool tonight?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Boy, they got a great cafeteria downstairs. Hot food, sandwiches, a salad bar.. It's like a Sizzler's opened up a hospital! (Sits and starts eating) So, how did you have a heart attack? You're a young man. What were you doing? Are they gonna do a zipper job? Oh, they love to do zipper jobs.
kramer: The really bad thing about the heart is the sex thing. See, you gotta be careful about sex now. You get that heart pumping and suddenly, boom! Next thing you know, you got a hose coming out of your chest attached to a piece of luggage.
kramer: No? That's good.
kramer: Oh man.. No.. George, we gotta get you outta here. Get out! Right now! They'll kill ya in here.
"kramer: Oh yeah? My friend, Bob Saccomanno, he came in here for a hernia operation.. Oh yeah, routine surgery.. now he's sittin' around in a chair by a window going, ""My name is Bob"" .. George, whatever you do, don't let 'em cut you. Don't let 'em cut you.."
kramer: I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do. You go to Tor Eckman. Tor, Tor, he'll fix you right up. He's a herbalist, a healer, George. He's not just gonna fix the tonsils and the adenoids, he is gonna change the whole way you function - body and mind.
kramer: No, no, he's out. He got out. See, the medical establishment, see, they tried to frame him. It's all politics. But he's a rebel.
kramer: He's holistic, George. He's holistic.
kramer: First visit? Thirty-eight bucks.
kramer: I'm off hot water.
kramer: Go ahead, drink it, George.
kramer: Go ahead, drink it, George.
kramer: (To Driver) Hey, let me drive.
kramer: (To Assistant) Hey, you have keys?
kramer: What's a Chuckle?
kramer: Well, can you call him an ambulance?
kramer: hey, watch the road! Watch the road, man!
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Got the paper?
kramer: No paper?
kramer: Well, what's taking you so long? (Elaine enters from the bedroom. Kramer is a little shocked) Uh? Oh, well, yeah... (He exits)
kramer: Hey. Oh, Elaine. I'm glad you're here. Stay right there. I'm gonna be right back. (He exits)
kramer: Yeah. Open it.
kramer: That's pretty good, huh?
kramer: Remember when we were standing there and she mentioned it? I made a mental note of it.
kramer: Oh yeah, I'm very sensitive about that. I mean, when someone's birthday comes up, I keep my ears open. So what'd you get her?
kramer: Cash? You gotta be kidding. What kind of gift is that? That's like something her uncle would get her.
kramer: (To Jerry) Yates.
kramer: What?
kramer: Oh, the relationship. (He leaves)
kramer: Hey.
kramer: You got the paper yet?
kramer: Well where is it? (Elaine enters from bedroom with newspaper) Hey, you done with that?
kramer: Well, you're not reading it now.
kramer: Oh yeah. So, ah, what're you guys gonna do today?
kramer: Boy, I really liked the two of you much better when you weren't a couple. (He exits)
kramer: What are you doing this for? Look at you..
kramer: But you don't have to do this! This guy is waiting in my house.
kramer: It's a one-time fee. A hundred and fifty bucks. Why live like this?!
kramer: Oh, so what are you gonna do? You gonna wait for the cable companies to resolve their dispute? They're gonna be in court for years.
kramer: (Sarcastic) Oh, oh, the paper..
"kramer: Oh, God, you're so naive! All the cable companies care about is the ""Big Mammoo."" (Jerry wacks the TV) Oh, look at you! You're banging things.. Pathetic. Just wasting your life. I'm offering you fifty-six channels - movies, sports, nudity. And it's free! For life!"
kramer: Can you hear yourself? Can, can, do you know what you're saying?!
kramer: It's not illegal.
kramer: Well, yeah.
kramer: (Holding the rabbit ears) Look, will you at least let me bring the guy over? He's an amazing man. He's a Russian immigrant. He escaped the Gulag. He's like the Sakharov of cable guys.. He'll slow down your gas meter. He sells slugs, Jerry. Slugs for the subway.
kramer: Yeah. He's intense, man.
kramer: Oh, you're not gonna get caught. Look, let me get him. Man, it's the nineties, it's Hammer time! Come on, just let me get him.
kramer: No problem. Yeah, you'll have the whole thing installed by the time you get back.
kramer: No, no, now look now, Jerry, Jerry, it's no risk. I swear. The Mets have seventy-five games on cable this year..
kramer: You won't regret it. (Jerry mutters some more, Kramer rubs his hands together in anticipation, then starts dancing around with a reluctant Jerry) Jerry's gonna be a cable boy, a cable boy, a cable boy..
kramer: Jerry, I had to tell them. I had to. I had no choice. They were onto the scam from the very beginning.
kramer: No! Jerry! (The FBI agents open fire. Jerry's gunned down by a hailstorm of bullets. Kramer leans next to a fallen Jerry, cupping Jerry's head in his hands) Cable boy, cable boy.. What have you done to my little cable boy?..
kramer: We're putting in cable.
kramer: Oh, we have to do this now.
kramer: Which one?
kramer: Oh, they're Soviet Cable guys.
kramer: Oh yeah.. it's all authorized, yeah.
kramer: Elaine, do you know how booked up this guy is? Now, if I send him away now, it's gonna take Jerry months to get him back.. He won't like that.
kramer: (Snaps his fingers) Anatoly! (The Russians get to work on command. To Elaine) Look, it's gonna take a few minutes.. Then, you and the gals can take a load off and watch something on Lifetime.
kramer: (Flirting with a female guest) Yeah, I eat the whole apple. The core, stem, seeds, everything.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. Well, you know, there are many differences between American and Soviet cultures that you're not aware of. See, in Russian, the cable guy, they got the whole run of the house. Yeah, that's tradition. (Turns back to the woman) Did you ever eat the bark of a pineapple?
kramer: (Trying to break up the fight) Uh.. Excuse me..
kramer: Don't be a fool.
kramer: (Pops his head into Jerry's apartment) Hey, come on over, Dr. Zhivago's on cable in five minutes.. I'm making popcorn! (Leaves)
kramer: Take me where? Where?
kramer: What am I gonna say?
kramer: Well, I'm not an idiot.
kramer: Then we're cool.
kramer: (Patting George on the shoulder) He's a hell of a guy.
kramer: Habla espanol?
kramer: Como se dice.. waterbed?
kramer: You got anything to drink? Agua?
kramer: Let me get a glass of water. (Heads tward the sink)
kramer: His cat's gone.
kramer: ..You know, cats run away all the time. You know, my aunt, she had a cat. Ran away. Showed up three years later.. you never know. They got things in
kramer: The wire was sticking out.. (Fits the two broken pieces together) Yeah.
kramer: You oughta get that wire fixed. (They go to leave) I got the door. (Shuts the door, the broken lamp falls to the floor)
kramer: Hey.
kramer: It's been a week. It's up to the cat now.
kramer: Oh? How do you figure?
kramer: Why was I in charge of closing the door?
kramer: So!
kramer: Let me talk to him.
kramer: ..The busboy's coming! The busboy's coming!
kramer: Yeah. I just buzzed him in. He's on his way up..
kramer: No, he's not going to do anything. I guarantee it.
kramer: Antonio. In here!
kramer: Hey.
kramer: I just saw Joe DiMaggio in Dinky Donuts. You know, I-I looked in there and there he was having coffee and a donut.
kramer: Yeah. Joe DiMaggio.
kramer: Well maybe he likes Dinky Donuts.
kramer: Why can't Joe DiMaggio have a donut like everyone else?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Look I'm tellin-- (he does a double take and looks at George) I'm telling ya, that was Joe DiMaggio.
kramer: A stall man, huh? (small laugh)
kramer: Wha-ha-a-at? (makes a gesture with his hand)
kramer: Hey, I saw DiMaggio in the donut shop again.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Joe DiMaggio, you know this time I went in and sat down across from him and I really watched him. I studied, his every move. For example, he dunks.
kramer: That's right.
kramer: Oh, he's a dunker.
kramer: And nothing diverts his attention. Like, I'm uh, you know, I-I, like I'm sitting in there, you know. And, uh, I start banging on the table, you know, to uh, so that hell look up, you know, Like I'm sitting there you know and uh, *bang* (slams the table) You know, *bang* He wouldn't move. So then I start doing these yelping noises. Like, *yip* (high pitched yelping noises) *yip*. No reaction because the guy is so focused, you see, he can just block out anything that's going on around him. See, that's how he played baseball. He dunks like he hits.
kramer: Well, then the waitress, she comes up and she tells me to shut up or they're gonna throw me out.
kramer: Yeah, you know kids, they can be very perceptive.
kramer: How can you do that to your friend? He's got a wife, kids, and a lot of other stuff. Oh, yyyeeah.
kramer: Man, Ughhhh, wwwheh. I just came from Roy's. I threw up from the gas.
kramer: No no, he's fine.
kramer: Where?
kramer: Yeah -- yeah.
kramer: (quietly) yeah.
kramer: Wait, wait hold on now, wait, wait *bang* (he slams his hand down on the table, startling Jerry, Elaine and George) *bang* (again) *yip* (another high pitched yelping sound) *yip* *yip* See? I told you.
kramer: I'm sorry. I thought it was a legitimate charity. I didn't know you'd get audited
kramer: No, blame me.
kramer: Don't blame me.
kramer: It was supposed to erupt.
kramer: You know what my feelings are about this. I don't even pay taxes.
kramer: When do you pit the sauce on?
kramer: I like to strain the sauce.
kramer: Yeah, Tina likes the couch.
kramer: (chuckles)
kramer: Yeah, it's a windshield.
kramer: I found it on the road.
kramer: Can you believe somebody threw this out? You know I'm going to make a coffee table out of this and surprise Tina.
kramer: wow
kramer: hell-oo
kramer: I, I saw her naked.
kramer: Well, you know, ... it was an accident.
kramer: I thought it was a closet.
kramer: Completely naked.
kramer: All right. I'll tell you what. If it's going to make you feel any better you can see me naked.
kramer: No, I want you to see me naked.
kramer: No, I want to show you.
kramer: Well, it's a windshield. It's going to be your new coffee table.
kramer: You know what they do in there? Did you see CooCoo's Nest? They put those electrodes in your head.
kramer: My friend Bob Sacamano had shock treatments. But his synapses were so large, it had no effect.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Listen uh, you want some leftovers? I made some African food. There's, yambalas and uh, sambusa.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, I'll be right there baby.
kramer: So, is everything cool? or what?
kramer: Oh,
kramer: No, lets go to the couch...
kramer: Hey, Are you going to the hospital now?
kramer: All right, great, great uh, we'll share a cab.
kramer: Sorry, I can't watch the dog tonight.
kramer: I can't, I gotta get this Ellen out of my life.
kramer: Oh ho ho ho yeah, the sooner the better. I can't wait to do it. You know how there's some people you worry about whether you're going to hurt their feelings? With her, I'm looking forward to it. I'd like to get it on video, watch it in slow motion and freeze frame it. Oh ho, yeah.
kramer: Woah, you didn't like her?
kramer: How come you never said anything?
kramer: I tell you.
kramer: I must have been out of my mind. Look at you. Why don't you do something with your life? Sit around here all day, you contribute nothing to society. You're just taking up space. How could I be with someone like you? Wouldn't respect myself.
kramer: Please! Please!! I take it all back, everything! I take it all back, every word! I love you! I love *you*! I can't live without you, I,ll, I'll do anything!
kramer: I went back with Ellen.
kramer: Do you think that I forgot what you two said about her?
kramer: From now on when we pass each other in the hall, I don't know you, you don't know me.
kramer: I'm getting my pot.
kramer: Hey, c'mon, c'mon, get off me!
kramer: Hey you keep that mutt away from me.
kramer: Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
kramer: Well, ah you were right.
kramer: Ellen. We, uh, broke up again.
kramer: I'll bring back the pot.
kramer: Hey, what are you gonna see?
kramer: Hey, that's supposed to be great.
kramer: How do you know?
kramer: enters
kramer: What's the problem?
kramer: Do you know how much that comes to? That's a nickel a day for 20 years. It's going to be $50,000
kramer: If it's a dime a day it could be $100,000
kramer: Oh, memory burn.
kramer: How did they ever find you?
kramer: You know I never got a library card.
kramer: It's all a bunch of cheapskates in there anyway. People sitting around reading the newspaper attached to huge wooden sticks Trying to save a quarter, ooh,
kramer: Yeah,
kramer: The Dewey Decimal System, what a scam that was. Boy that Dewey guy really cleaned up on that deal.
kramer: Tryin' to save a quarter.
kramer: Look at her. This is a lonely woman looking for companionship.. ... Spinster. ... Maybe a virgin. ... Maybe she got hurt a long time ago. She was a schoolgirl. There was a boy It didn't work out. Now she needs a little tenderness. She needs a little understanding. She needs a little Kramer.
kramer: Bookman? The library investigator's name is actually, Bookman?
kramer: That's amazing. That's like an ice cream man named, Cone.
kramer: yeah
kramer: Ooh tattle tale
kramer: What did this guy do? What happened?
kramer: Oh come on, You can tell me.
kramer: What tonight?
kramer: Y'know I never figured you for a squealer.
kramer: He's out on a case? He actually goes out on cases?
kramer: Hey, uh, I'll see you boys later. (TURNS TO LIBRARIAN) So uh, what's a guy got to do around here to get a library card?
kramer: Hey Babaloo, you better get home. You know this guy Bookman from the library he's waiting for ya.
kramer: What's wrong?
kramer: So I, I didn't do anything wrong.
kramer: Why don't ya' leave?
kramer: Read another poem.
kramer: Wow, that is great. You should be published.
kramer: You know, the library is kind of a cool place when it's closed.
kramer: HELLO!
kramer: HELLO!
kramer: (reading) sobs
kramer: It's Marion's poetry. I can't take it (leaves sobbing)
kramer: You can have this one.
kramer: It's this way.
kramer: No, no, I got it.
kramer: If you like her, go talk to her.
kramer: She's fat.
kramer: I thought it was here.
kramer: Blue-one. I thought it was blue-one.
kramer: It looks familiar. I remember the elevator.
kramer: Dark blue.
kramer: Didn't we come in over there?
kramer: About two hours.
kramer: Why don't you go behind one of these cars? J
kramer: (CONT'D) Why? Nobody's around.
kramer: You know when you hold it in like that you can cause a lot of damage to your bladder. That's what happens to truck drivers. They hold it in all the time. Eventually it starts coming out involuntarily.
kramer: Jerry, are you aware that adult diapers are a six hundred million dollar a year industry?
kramer: I'm gonna put it down behind that car.
kramer: (TO GEORGE) Pink eleven. Remember that.
kramer: Look at this place. It's huge...
kramer: It's got to be here.
kramer: I have a pen.
kramer: (RE CAR) I found it!
kramer: Oh...no.
kramer: It was easy the last time.
kramer: Right here at the mall.
kramer: You drank a whole bottle of water.
kramer: So why don't you just go?
kramer: Don't you get tired of following rules?
kramer: Why be uncomfortable if you don't have to? It's organic.
kramer: Buddy Hackett?
kramer: I know.
kramer: (pointing) You can go over here.
kramer: (turns away and spots George) George! (leaves scene)
kramer: It'll take you ten seconds.
kramer: (CALLING OUT) Jerry!
kramer: Does that bother you?
kramer: Not at all.
kramer: I once saw this thing on T.V. with people who are terminally ill. And they all believed the secret of life is just to live every moment.
kramer: The guy's got a fat fetish. Spector never dates a woman under two hundred-fifty pounds.
kramer: What does he do with all that fat? Does he just jump up and down on it? Does he gouge it like Killer Kowalski?
kramer: He was a wrestler. He would grab hold of someone's stomach and just squeeze it until they gave.
kramer: So go. GEORGE Here?
kramer: (SHAKING HIS HEAD) You and Jerry.
kramer: George! George!
kramer: Jerry?
kramer: Boy I had a helluva time finding that air-conditioner. I looked everywhere. I completely forgot where I hid it. You know where it was?
kramer: Right! Purple 23. I could've used you.
kramer: What time is it?
kramer: Well at least there's no traffic.
kramer: What time does that play start?
kramer: That might be a problem. (TO ELAINE) Where's your little bag of...
kramer: (CONT'D) Oh...(TAKES OUT PARKING STUB) Boy this garage is going to cost a fortune. You know how long we were here?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh boy. Woop...
kramer: Jerry let me ask you something, hi Elaine... (pats her on the shoulder twice.)
kramer: This guy leaves this jacket at my mother's house two years ago. Now, she hasn't spoken to him since and now he says he wants the jacket back.
kramer: Well, I'm not giving it back.
kramer: Well because I meet a lot of women in this jacket, you know they're attracted to it. I mean why do you think my mother went out with him?
kramer: Oh, gees...
kramer: You're all right
kramer: (eating some nachos) Anyway, it's been two years. I mean isn't there like statue of limitations on that?
kramer: What?
kramer: No, it's statue.
kramer: Wait a minute, Just wait a minute...Elaine, Elaine! Now you're smart, is it statue or statute of limitations?
kramer: Oh, I really think you're wrong.
kramer: What test?
kramer: Hmm. Why you takin' an IQ test?
kramer: George?
kramer: Yeah, but why are you taking an IQ test for George?
kramer: What, is it for a job or something?
kramer: You're positive it's statute?
kramer: Hey, do me a favor... Some guy comes in looking for me, tell him you don't know where I am.
kramer: No, no it's that guy. He's really been bugging me about the jacket.
kramer: Oh, he'll have to kill me. (leaves.)
kramer: Quiet. Shh, don't say anything.
kramer: Ah, well I thought I'd throw him off. See, he knows where I live.
kramer: I thought you took the test.
kramer: How come?
kramer: Well, you can't leave now.
kramer: Never!
kramer: h-Yeah...
kramer: I'm going upstairs.
kramer: Well I just got it. Spector gave it to me , he's giving everything away...becoming a minimalist.
kramer: (to George) You , you know what you should've done is watching that report on CNN last night.
kramer: You can't call China now its like, what, three 'O clock in the morning there
kramer: Give me it..( tries to pull them off George's head)
kramer: All right Come on....again attempts to pull headphones off)
kramer: C'mon it's my turn.
kramer: Where's the volume..(finds it) A, YAI..YA...YA..YA!!!!
kramer: Just be yourselves. ( Elaine plays with her hair flirtingly)
"kramer: Well we're talking with Elaine Benes; Adult film star on the set of her new picture ""Elaine does the Upper West side"""
kramer: I'm doin' fine.
kramer: Whooooa! here's the director Jerry Seinfeld . Jerry , you discovered Elaine Benes?
kramer: So What scene are you ready to shoot now , Elaine?
kramer: That's my Chinese food...So George is this your first movie with Elaine?
kramer: So Elaine in your movies is the sex real or is it simulated?
kramer: (to the Chinese delivery boy) How much do I owe you?
kramer: $15.90.?
kramer: What is that?
kramer: Naw ,na , that's no good.
kramer: Not bloody likely..
kramer: Wait,wait wait...Let me get the camera.
kramer: W..W..Wa...Wa..Wait..Wait wait.. Now lets videotape your head for the before picture, so we can watch how it grows and stuff. Sit down (George sits).....Lean back...A little bit to the right.
kramer: He's a happy camper huh?
kramer: Remember that guy who took my jacket. The one I found at my mother's house.
kramer: My mother told me that he got arrested for mail fraud
kramer: He's in jail.
kramer: That's what I intend to find out. (George comes out of the bathroom and he's got white cream on his head)
kramer: It stinks. Can you smell that?....You stink.
kramer: How often do you cut your toe nails?
kramer: 'cos the other night , you know, I was sleeping with Marion I rolled over and I cut her ankle with my big toe.
kramer: What?
kramer: So , you blew it?
kramer: Let me have her number.
kramer: I know how to handle these psychotics.
kramer: (George takes off the hat , he's got that cream on again) Pheeewwww! Boy! You stink.
kramer: All right lets take a look to see what we got ( examines George's head) Wait a second.. I think I see something here George. Lets go to the videotape.
kramer: All right....Sit down George.
kramer: No, I got the tape right here.
kramer: (ignoring them) Now.. This is the tape that we made earlier and I think, that I see. a couple of buds right here.
kramer: 'bout what?
kramer: Like the big toe captain..
kramer: Okay , all right. I'm gonna take a look at this huh!.( leaves)
kramer: I'VE FOUND A HAIR!!! Yes ( goes up to the video machine and inserts the tape) Hey, come here, come here ,take a look at this.
kramer: Whoa!!!....That was you?
kramer: Wait..( picks up the walkman) Oh my god...Oh yeah....Elaine , I can't believe that that is you.
kramer: We'll order Chinese.
kramer: So my mother's going out with this guy who leaves a jacket in her house so, you know, she gives it to me. Well, two years later he shows up and he takes it back. And now he's in prison. He got arrested for mail fraud. So Elaine, all you have to do is go over to the apartment, tell the landlord that you're his daughter and you want to bring him the jacket in prison.
kramer: No no, he's never met her. She's in California.
kramer: Oh, yeah yeah, I have to. I'm your fianc, Peter Von Nostrand.
kramer: Oh, I got stamped at the reggae lounge last night. Yeah, I'm going back there tonight, you know, I'm not gonna pay another cover charge.
kramer: Yeah, I washed, just not the hand. You wouldn't believe the women at this club. Ohh, man.
kramer: Well, you're as pretty as any of them, you just need a nose job.
kramer: What? What?
kramer: What? What do you mean? I just said she needs a nose job.
kramer: Well, I was just trying to help out.
kramer: You see what happens when you try to be nice?
kramer: (taking the paper and tearing it to pieces) I'm proud of you.
kramer: Well I don't, I'm guessing.
kramer: You got butchered.
kramer: (to a fleeing Audrey) Where are you going?
kramer: Wait, wait, wait, I'll go with you.
kramer: I don't have it, I threw it out.
kramer: I told you, I threw it out.
kramer: You told me not to give it to you, you made me promise.
kramer: You said, no matter what you do or say, I'm not to give you the number.
kramer: No, you told me not to!
kramer: Alright! (flinging pieces of torn paper to the ground) Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! (Jerry falls to the floor and starts arranging pieces) Look at you! Look at what you've sunk to! Look at what you've become! Look in the mirror, cause you need help, Jerry. You need help, because I can't stand by and do it anymore. It's turning my stomach! I can't stand around here watching you destroy yourself. It's eating me up inside!
kramer: (filling a pipe) Yeah, yeah, ok, now uh, you're clear, you got everything?
kramer: Wait wait wait wait wait. (putting a ring on Elaine's finger) Here.
kramer: Because we're engaged.
kramer: Um hm.
kramer: (lighting his pipe) It's my mom's.
kramer: Yes, yes I am.
kramer: Uh, yes. Well, it's, uh, very intriguing.
kramer: My contention?
kramer: Yes, that's my contention.
kramer: She does fine work.
kramer: You don't say?
kramer: So I grabbed the guy by the collar.
kramer: (rising and putting his arm around Audrey's shoulder) Well, I'll check you guys out later. (To Audrey) Ready?
kramer: Neither did I. We're off to the Reggae Lounge.
kramer: Hey, how ya doing?
kramer: I'm sorry.
kramer: I had the directions on the seat right next to me, they flew out the window.
kramer: Well I knew the exit on the Long Island Expressway, and I thought that the address was 8713 Riviera Drive. Uh uh, so I drove around knocking on everybody's doors that had those numbers; 8317, 7813, 3718, 1837, whoo. Finally, I hit it. 8173.
kramer: (to Elaine) You better zip up. I couldn't get the top on the convertible up.
kramer: Yeah, wait till we get on the Expressway.
kramer: The party, Long Island?
kramer: Hey, what are you doing here?
kramer: Where's Jerry?
kramer: Well, Jerry, he doesn't have anything. (Sensing Steve's disappointment) Well, but I might have something.
kramer: So, I'm chasing these doves down the street and she's screaming at the top of her lungs, and then when the magician comes back from Europe, two of them turned brown! Well I followed the instructions!
kramer: Not really.
kramer: (handing Steve the phone) 555-LOVE.
kramer: No, I got a girl in the next building
kramer: Who did?
kramer: Was it more than just one?
kramer: What are they gonna do?
kramer: Hello?
kramer: Kramer.
kramer: Listen, there's a pair of gloves in the glove compartment.
kramer: Yeah. Listen, could you mail those to me? Or bring them by my building, it's 129 West 81st St.
kramer: Thanks a lot, uh here's Jerry.
kramer: He only works three hours a day. He makes a fortune. Course he's been doing that for years, right Jerry?
kramer: You know I'm in that movie?
kramer: Yeah, I'm an extra.
kramer: Well, I was just watching them film yesterday and some guy just asked me.
kramer: Clear blue sky!
kramer: I got a quality.
kramer: Whoa, whoa!!
kramer: Hey, you know they were supposed to do my scene today?
kramer: You know they told me that they wanted me to walk down the block carrying this bag of groceries.
kramer: So I start to walk, and I trip, and the grocery bag goes flying, and Woody, Woody starts laughing.
kramer: Oh yeah, he was drinking something, it started to come out of his nose.
kramer: I got a line in the movie!
kramer: Pretty good, huh?
kramer: Oh yeah, yeah, it's me and him. I might have a whole new career on my hands, huh?
kramer: Uh, I didn't see him.
kramer: Oh, well uh, okay I'm there with, uh, Woody, you know, I'm at this bar and, uh, I'm sit-- you know it's Woody Allen, did I mention that?
"kramer: So I'm sitting there with Woody and I say, I turn to him and I go, ""Boy, these pretzels are making me thirsty."""
kramer: No, no, I'm working on it.
kramer: No, no. See, that's no good. See, you don't know how to act.
kramer: I didn't say anything.
kramer: These pretzels are making me thirsty. (He bites into a pretzel.) Boy, these pretzels are making me thirsty.
kramer: What happened here?
kramer: What's an extremity?
kramer: You raise the head, you get blood to the feet.
kramer: What about a big sponge?
kramer: Use a belt.
kramer: Yeah, I've seen them do that.
kramer: Maybe that's what he's got.
kramer: Well he could have dropped acid when you weren't looking.
kramer: Can you give him a cookie?
kramer: I got him chewing but I don't think he's gonna swallow.
kramer: Alright I'll get a blender.
kramer: You got a blender.
kramer: What are you doing out there?! You're holding up the production of the movie! We can't shoot and Woody, he's really mad at you.
kramer: He said, 'Who's the moron in the blue jacket who's got the street all screwed up?'
kramer: Alright, I'll tell you what. Next time I talk to him, maybe I'll bring it up. I'll feel him out.
kramer: Hey, you seen the paper yet?
kramer: Yeah. There's an article in there about that writer.
kramer: Uh huh, that's the guy that was here. You're the friend.
kramer: I got fired from the movie.
kramer: Well, you know they were gonna shoot it today, and uh, we rehearsed it twice, then Woody yells 'Action!' and I turn to him and I say, 'These pretzels are making me thirsty' and I took a swig of beer, ya know, and I slammed the glass down on the bar and it shattered.
kramer: Well, one of the pieces must have hit Woody. He started crying. And he yells out, 'I'm bleeding' and he runs off. Anyway, this woman, she came up to me and she says, 'You're fired.' Boy I really nailed that scene.
kramer: Okay.
kramer: You can smell me without the drink.
kramer: Okay, well what am I drinking? What do you got?
kramer: All right.
kramer: That is *damn* good scotch. I could do a commercial for this stuff. Mmmmm, boy that Hennigans goes down smooth. And afterwords you don't even smell. That's right folks. I just had three shots of Hennigans and I don't smell. Imagine, you can walk around drunk all day. That's Hennigans, the no-smell, no-tell scotch.
kramer: Hey. (snuggling really close to George) I'm going to tell you what I think. I know you don't care what I think, but I'm going to tell you. I think that you are terrific.
kramer: Say you got a big job interview, and you're a little nervous. Well throw back a couple shots of Hennigans and you'll be as loose as a goose and ready to roll in no time. And because it's odorless, why, it will be our little secret. (singing) h-e-double n...
kramer: What's that red dot on your sweater?
kramer: All right, Coney Island. Ok, you can take the B or the F and switch for the N at Broadway Lafayette, or you can go over the bridge to DeKalb and catch the Q to Atlantic Avenue, then switch to the IRT 2, 3, 4 or 5, but don't get on the G. See that's very tempting, but you wind up on Smith and 9th street, then you got to get on the R.
kramer: Well, yeah...
kramer: Jerry, come on let's go, pick up the check so we can go.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well, let's see speeding, running a red light, no license, no registration, no plates, no brake lights, no rear view mirror...yeah. (gives George a ticket)
kramer: I'm fighting that one. You know, this is gonna cost me over six hundred bucks.
kramer: I've gotta go to court, I'll get in trouble. What's the matter with you?
kramer: Oh yeah, it's all set. They got the bug boy on him.
kramer: Yeah, the little father has run his hard out. They're gonna break his maiden.
kramer: Oh, this baby loves the slob, loves it, eats it up. Eats the slob. Born in the slob. His father was a mudda'.
kramer: His mudda' was a mudda'.
kramer: What did I just say?
kramer: Hey, all right, 600 Pappanick to win.
kramer: Yes! Yes! I won, hey (shouts to cashier)
kramer: What happened?
kramer: Wait, wait, wait...
kramer: Hey, smell my arm... Smell it!
kramer: The *beach*!
kramer: I just joined the Polar Bear Club.
kramer: Well, it's these people-- they go swimmin' in the winter. They're terrific, I just took my first swim today. Brrrrrrr! It's invigorating....
kramer: Want one? Yeah, I just bought it at the Flea Market.
kramer: (looks shocked) Oh sure, the guy I told to pour the Gatorade that killed Marty Benson?
kramer: Can I get in on that?
kramer: Is Elaine going?
kramer: Well, I knew him as well as she did.
kramer: So what are you saying, you don't want me to intervene?
kramer: You know I got a great idea for a cologne. The Beach. You spray it on and you smell like you just came home from the beach
kramer: Tell me about it!
kramer: I like the Jumble You ever do the Jumble?
kramer: Break up with her
kramer: You break up with her. You reverse everything that way.
kramer: Go ahead smell, smell
kramer: Do you recognize it? ... The beach.
kramer: Oh, I'm talking about the beach.
kramer: You know the way you smell when you first come home from the beach? Well, I want to make a cologne that captures the essence of that smell. Oh yeah.
kramer: Oh, wait, Did you here what I just said?
kramer: So you don't think it's a good idea?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Is this the interference?
kramer: Uh, is it all right if I stay for the intervention?
kramer: I'm a friend. Who do you think told him to pour the Gatorade over Marty Benson's head?
kramer: Hey, you know I got someone to make up that cologne for me, big mouth.
kramer: Hey, come on, these are some of my polar bear buddies.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Did you hear about Martin?
kramer: I cant believe hes in a coma.
kramer: Hes got my vacuum cleaner. You know I loaned it to him. He never returned it. The carpets are filthy. What am I going to do?
kramer: Newman! Hes good friends with him.
kramer: Hes got all of my attachments, you know.
kramer: What, Gina? Why wait? Why not just call Doctor Kavorkian?
kramer: So whats going on between you and Gina?
kramer: Uh, uh.
kramer: Uh, uh, you see thats the great thing about Mediterranean women. All right, so what did you do?
kramer: Ah, what kind of a man are you? The guy is unconscious in a coma and you dont have the guts to kiss his girlfriend?
kramer: There is no coma etiquette. You see thats the beauty of the coma, man. It doesnt matter what you do around it.
kramer: Id give him 24 hours to get out of it. They cant get out of it in 24 hours, its a land rush.
kramer: NOTHING LEFT! Thats why Im trying to get that vacuum cleaner. Because somebodys going to grab it.
kramer: You should just eat fruit.
kramer: ???
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Well, Newmans upstairs visiting Martin.
kramer: Youre not going?
kramer: Why not?
kramer: I dig.
kramer: I want my vacuum cleaner! I know you can hear me. Look my mother, shes going to come and visit me. She sees that rug, shes going to kill me.
kramer: Why would I buy another one when I spent a hundred bucks on this one?
kramer: I dont want a carpet sweeper. They dont do anything.
kramer: The carpet sweeper is the biggest scam perpetrated on the American public since One Hour Martinizing.
kramer: I wouldnt set foot in your house.
kramer: He looks happy to me.
kramer: Okay, Jerry has a friend who has free tickets to the Cayman Islands for this weekend. Hes not going.
kramer: oh oh oh oh oh
kramer: I want my vacuum cleaner!
kramer: Heey!
kramer: A couple of hours ago.
kramer: George, I would like to thank you for the greatest four days I ever spent in my life.
kramer: They were shooting the Sports Illustrated swim suit issue right in the hotel pool.
kramer: Not only that but at the hotel they opened up this area on the beach for nude bathing and all of the Sports Illustrated models went down there.
kramer: I was on the next blanket from Elle McPherson
kramer: We played Backgammon in the nude.
kramer: Shes a sweet kid.
kramer: Oh, you know what? The second day I was there I stepped on a jellyfish. Now it kind of stung my foot. Thats probably what Rula was trying to warn you about.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Whats this?
kramer: They moved in together?
kramer: Phew.
kramer: Hey, where ya going?
kramer: Um, Id like to but a bunch of us from the islands, well be getting together.
kramer: OH! I got to call her back.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: You know my friend, Bob Sacamano?
kramer: Yeah. He just got a job at a condom factory in Edison. Look at this, he gave me a gross.
kramer: Oh, well... Come on, take some, Jerry. Grab 'em.
kramer: Come on, Elaine, here, take half a bag.
kramer: Hey hey hey!! Come on! Jerry, George, now stop it!
kramer: Hey hey hey! I don't want to hear another word out of either one of you!
kramer: Ay ay ay! The next one of you that opens up your mouth, says something, you're gonna have to deal with me. You know, I bet I know what this is about. It's about a woman, isn't it?
kramer: Yeah yeah! You see, this is exactly what they want to do to you. They play one against the other. You can't let them manipulate you like that.
kramer: Noh noh noh! I want you guys to shake hands. Come on, there are plenty of women out there for all of us, let's go.
kramer: Yes. You see? Isn't that better than fighting? Animosity? I mean, you wanna fight with somebody, you fight with me. Oh, by the way George, you know those condoms I gave you? They're defective, don't use them.
kramer: Right.
kramer: Defective.
kramer: I didn't even know they were defective.
kramer: Didn't even thin you were gonna use them.
kramer: Hey hey, alright, hey hey, stop it! Come on, break it up! What's the matter with you? Now don't you two see that you're in love with each other? I mean, why can't you face that already? You're running around out there looking for something that's not even there, when everything that you dream of is right here, right here in front of you. Now why can't you admit that? By the way, when you see George give him these, these'll work.
kramer: Wide open, I was wide open underneath! I had three inches on that guy. You two were hogging the ball.
kramer: You're a chucker.
kramer: Hey you know this is the first time we've ever seen each other naked.
kramer: Oh, you didn't sneak a peak?
kramer: Yeah, I snuck a peak.
kramer: Why not? hey what about you George?
kramer: Uh, I gotta go meet Newman. All right. I'll see you later.
kramer: Have a good one.
kramer: (loungingly talking on phone) It's a par five. So you know I step up to the tee and I hit a beautiful drive right down the middle of the fairway. I mean you know my hook, right?
kramer: well it's a dog leg left, so I play the hook right? .. hold on there's another call.
kramer: George?
kramer: (Angrily) Yeah, look I'm in the middle of something. Call back.
kramer: ... so the ball takes of and I'm waiting for it to turn.
kramer: Yeah, I'll talk to Jerry. Yeah, [Hangs up] . . . you know that was Michael and Carol. She's wondering when we're going to come over and see the baby.
kramer: (does a double take) It's too busy
kramer: What guy?
kramer: Who are you talkin about?
kramer: KEITH HERNANDEZ?
kramer: I hate KEITH HERNANDEZ - hate him.
kramer: Let me tell it ..
kramer: You always tell it ..
kramer: Ja ja ja - just tell it
"kramer: Our day was ruined. There was a lot of people, you know, they were waiting by the player's parking lot. Now we're coming down the ramp ... [cut to film of the day - like the Zabruter film - with the Umbrella man and everything - Oh so brilliant parody!!!] ... Newman was in front of me. Keith was coming toward us, as he passes Newman turns and says, "" Nice game pretty boy."". Keith continued past us up the ramp."
"kramer: He spit on us.... and I screamed out, ""I'm hit!"""
kramer: Well. uh, well my head went back and to the left
kramer: Back and to the left
kramer: Wait, wait, (Exits)
kramer: It's Keith.
kramer: Hey
kramer: Okay, wanna come with me and see the baby?
kramer: Come on, if you don't see the baby now you're never gonna see it
kramer: All right
kramer: Yallo. What delay industries?
kramer: Na, you're way way way off.. Well, yeah that's the right number but this is an apartment
kramer: no problem, ... no problem. [Hangs up] ... How did YOU know who that was?
kramer: (to baby) Koochie koochie koochie koo
kramer: Lyndon Johnson.
kramer: I'm not joking. She looks like Lyndon Johnson.
kramer: I'll pick her up.
kramer: Well it was an accident. Right Jerry it was an accident. Ah, she's going to be all right. .. baby, baby, ah, baby.
kramer: What's going on?
kramer: What? Well, you hardly know the guy. What a nerve. You see wasn't I right about this guy? Didn't I tell you? Now, you're not going to do it are you?
kramer: YOU SAID YES!? Don't you have any pride or self respect? I mean, how can you prostitute yourself like this? I mean what are you going to do? You're going to start driving him to the airport?
kramer: yeah yeah
kramer: What?
kramer: I wish you never mentioned it to ME. [exits]
kramer: Ya know I hate to brag but, uh, I did win eleven straight golden gloves.
kramer: I wouldn't have brought it up but since you mentioned it.
kramer: Well I won them anyway.
kramer: Elaine. you don't know the first thing about first base.
kramer: The way I figure it I've already been there and I plan on rounding second tonight at around eleven o'clock.
kramer: Funny.
kramer: What's that?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Is that a problem?
kramer: He's got money. Why doesn't he just pay a mover?
kramer: Hello.
kramer: Oh, you don't remember me.
kramer: Yeah, you should. I certainly remember you. Let me refresh your memory.
kramer: Ah, you remember.
kramer: No no no, well, then who was it?
kramer: Well, maybe because we were sitting in the right field stands cursing at him in the bullpen all game.
kramer: Oh boy. Uh, look uh, Keith, uh, we're sorry.
kramer: Wait, uh what are ya' doing?
kramer: Want any help?
kramer: I'd love to help you move.
kramer: No sweat.
kramer: Hey!
kramer: What, you took a cab?
kramer: How much do you make?
kramer: C'mon.
kramer: I'll tell you how much I make.
kramer: You ever seen Michael Jordan?
kramer: Maybe you'll see him do one of those three-sixty dunks.
kramer: Oh, it's like this, here, you guard me.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: So what's going on, how did all this happen?
kramer: Limo? I thought that George went to pick him up.
kramer: Well then why would they take a limo from the airport?
kramer: That's pretty strange. Did he say anything else?
kramer: O'Brien. Why would he want to be called O'Brien?
kramer: Something's very strange. George goes to the airport to pick up Jerry. They come back in a limo with four tickets to the basketball game and wanna be called O'Brien and Murphy? O'Brien. O'Brien, why O'Brien?
kramer: Who?
kramer: I'm telling you, something's going on. I can feel it, sense it.
kramer: Oh no no no, this is no joke. O'Brien's coming in from Chicago, Jerry's in a limo, says he's O'Brien? That's not funny. Oh my god. Yes. Yes!
kramer: Don't you see? There's always been something very strange about Jerry, always so clean and organized. Do I have to spell it out for you? The limo? The name? The rally at Madison Square Garden? Jerry, O'Brien are the same person. Jerry is the leader of the Aryan Union!
kramer: I can't believe I didn't see it.
kramer: You don't think so.
kramer: Maybe he's with the company.
kramer: The CIA! Maybe they placed him in there to infiltrate the organization from within.
kramer: That's the perfect cover! All that time on the road? Look Jerry, he's too normal to be a comedian. These comedians, they're sick, neurotic people.
kramer: What about him, he's part of it. His whole personality is a disguise. No real person can act the way he does. Elaine, I'm telling you they're with the organization. They're all part of it. He's in there with Helms and Hunt and Liddy, that whole crowd. George and Jerry, they probably know who killed Kennedy!
kramer: Alright, what are we gonna do? I'm not gonna let him hurt you. (grabs and hugs Elaine tightly) I'm not gonna.
kramer: O'Brien.
kramer: (pointing to Jerry) O'Brien. Long time no see. How's tricks, Murphy?
kramer: Yeah? Eva?
kramer: O'Brien? Well that's weird.
kramer: Hey! (Group does likewise)
kramer: What? What? What? Tell me.
kramer: Good for you! What kind of a sick lowlife would do a thing like that? You know those people, you know they're mentally disturbed. (Pointing a finger at Jerry)
kramer: They should be sent to Australia.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, that's where England used to send their convicts.
kramer: No.
kramer: Yeah?
kramer: I don't know!
kramer: You know I was watching Entertainment Tonight, and uh, suddenly I got dizzy. And the next thing I know I hit my head on the coffee table.
kramer: Yep. (Mumbles off)
kramer: Maybe it was a reaction to the sardines.
kramer: What happened?!
kramer: I think I hit my head again!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: What?
kramer: Mary Hart!
kramer: Hey, you know who owns that car?
kramer: The one that was hit a couple of nights ago.
kramer: That blond across the street. You know the one with the long ponytail, she wears those blue sweatpants.
kramer: Wait, wait, wait, how do you know it's not John Tesh?
kramer: How could you?
kramer: Man! I never thought you were capable of this!
kramer: I just talked to Becky Gelke outside, she told me how you hit and ran.
kramer: I don't even want to look at you anymore! All these years of friendship and you're nothing but a felon. You're an embarrassment to the building.
kramer: Now you're not going to lie to me, are you?
kramer: Alright. Well. Glad we got that straightened out because I've got a date with her.
kramer: Yeah, going out with her Saturday night.
kramer: As a matter of fact, if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have even had an excuse to talk to her.
kramer: You sure you dont want me to take my clothes off? (beat) Ill do it!
kramer: Well, why dont you take your clothes off?
kramer: (debonair smile) Well, itd be our little secret.
kramer: Are you getting the eyes? 'Cause they're brown. (beat) Or, really, they're dark brown, like rich, Columbian coffee.
kramer: She and Jerry were a big thing, like Abe Lincoln and Mary Todd.
kramer: Oh yeah, they're like this (holds up two fingers together).
kramer: Why, what's the difference?
kramer: Well, you know... I, uh... have many relationships.
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: George, you gonna buy a painting?
kramer: (immediately) Yeah.
kramer: Right. (Elaine giggles) Oh boy... okay, who wants a dog? (Kramer hands out the hot dogs)What a great day!
kramer: (screaming at the players on the field) YOU BETTER CATCH IT,
kramer: (screaming again) HEY, 230 AIN'T GONNA CUT IT IN THIS TOWN, BABE!
kramer: Oh, hey.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Hey! Just wait a minute. We just got here!
kramer: (getting up) I'll go get your hat, George.
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. (beat--holds up newspaper) Hey, we made the paper. Eh? Look at this- page 2, sports section... we're all in the picture.
kramer: A picture.
kramer: Uh-huh.
kramer: Yup, yup!
kramer: (entering, handing Jerry a piece of paper) This was in front of your door.
kramer: Hi, Mike.
kramer: (notices the painting) Whoa, man! That is the ugliest thing I've ever seen!
kramer: (emotionally) She's deep.
kramer: You know Jerry, she sounds like a poet!
kramer: (pushing Jerry towards the phone) Yeah! Get in there and give her a call. Pick up the phone and call her!
kramer: (screaming) YES! YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT YOU SHOULD! (hysterically) Fight for her, Jerry, she's sure as hell fighting for you!
kramer: ...then, when I was seventeen, I ran away from home and hopped a steamship to Sweden. (beat) This steak is excellent, by the way.
kramer: Yeah, sure. Please.
kramer: Yeah. (beat) And, it was a big one.
kramer: Hey. I got some bad news for you, buddy. I think your car got stolen again.
kramer: Well you parked it on eighty-fourth and Columbus, right?
kramer: Yep, well I just walked by there and that car is gone.
kramer: Well, where is it?
kramer: Well, there's no difference, you know, I'm just curious.
kramer: What happened to the car?
kramer: Yeah, yeah, it'll kill me.
kramer: I must know.
kramer: Oh, come on.
kramer: Well, please?
kramer: Okay, I beg you.
kramer: Okay, please! Please tell me!
kramer: Okay, okay, what is it? Come on.
kramer: Ah, George, alright. Well, what for?
kramer: Alright.
kramer: Huh. I mean, what do they want to go there for?
kramer: You know, why didn't they ask me to go?
kramer: What, they don't like me?
kramer: If they like me, why don't they ask me to go? Oh yeah.
kramer: Well I'm very disappointed in George and Elaine. And you know I'm somebody you don't want to have on your bad side.
kramer: Because I'm like ice, buddy. When I don't like you, you've got problems. (notices some snacks on the table) Oh, is this for the fight?
kramer: Oh hey, you know I invited Mike Moffit. You don't mind, do you?
kramer: Yeah, I just got off the phone with him, you know we had a great conversation.
kramer: Well actually we talked about you. Yeah. He had some pretty interesting things to say.
kramer: You have to know everything, don't you?
kramer: Why is that? Why do you have to know everything?
kramer: Beg me.
kramer: No no no, I want you to beg me. And I don't want you to say it, I just want you to put some beg into it. Go on.
kramer: No no no, that's no good. No, I really don't think that's a beg. No, it's close, but uh...
kramer: Look, I can't say anything. You know, the guy told me the stuff in confidence, I'd be betraying a friend.
kramer: Alright. I'll tell you but you can't say anything to him.
kramer: He thinks you're a phony.
kramer: I told you, he thinks you're a phony.
kramer: A big phone. A big one.
kramer: You begged me.
kramer: (acting standoffish) Hello.
kramer: (out the window) Hey, Mike! Come on up, the fight's almost starting!
kramer: What's going on?!
kramer: I'll be down in a minute.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: (leaving) Why should anything be wrong?
kramer: Yeah, yeah, I know him.
kramer: I go in front first all the time.
kramer: By the way, thanks a lot for inviting me to the flea market.
kramer: Yeah, Jerry, he told me all about it.
kramer: You said it, sister.
kramer: I'm sorry, I don't care for that sorry.
kramer: Oh, congratulations.
kramer: Well, you're pregnant.
kramer: You're not pregnant?
kramer: Are you sure you're not pregnant?
kramer: That's weird.
kramer: I thought she was pregnant.
kramer: When can you park head first?
kramer: What about Sundays and holidays?
kramer: I'm not going if he's going.
kramer: No. Don't, Jerry.
kramer: He begged me.
"kramer: Jerry, now calm down, it's okay. I'm sorry. I didn't want to wake you up! Y'know, I was watching ""Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo,"" and I - y'know, I wanted to get some popcorn, and I, uh...I used the spare keys that you gave me to come into your apartment to get your popper."
kramer: It's just me.
kramer: Forgot the popper... (goes to the kitchen, grabs the popper, drops the lid, juggles it around, then exits.)
kramer: What does it look like I'm doing? What?
kramer: Alright, alright...
kramer: Sorry.
kramer: My drain's all clogged up! (Comes out of the bathroom in a towel, covered in soap suds.)
kramer: Hey, Jerry! How are ya? I thought you were going to the movies.
kramer: What?
kramer: Oh, come on!
kramer: What, what, I thought you went to the movies!
kramer: Now how was I supposed to know it was going to be sold out?
kramer: What point?
kramer: Just give me another chance!
kramer: I'm asking you!
kramer: You're joking.
kramer: It's not going to happen again!
"kramer: No, no, no, it's o.k. I don't care about the keys. It's my fault. I gave the keys away with my stupidity. I broke ""the covenant of the keys."""
kramer: I don't want the keys back! No, I'm glad the way things turned out. I was clingin' to those keys, man! Like a branch on the banks of a raging river. And now I have let go. And I'm free...to go with the current. To float. (To Jerry) And I thank you.
kramer: I don't want the keys! (Jerry tries to force the keys on Kramer, but Kramer refuses.)
kramer: Now, one more thing - I would like my keys back.
kramer: That's right.
kramer: Yeah. Yeah, I think it would be for the best.
kramer: Say yes! Yes, George. Yes!
kramer: Well, you can get 'em back.
kramer: Because you see, George, having the keys to Jerry's apartment? That kept me in a fantasy world. Every time I went over to his house, it was like I was on vacation. Better food, better view, better TV. And cleaner? Oh - much cleaner. That became my reality. I ignored the squalor in my own life because I'm looking at life, you see, through Jerry's eyes. I was living in twilight, George. Living in the shadows. Living in the darkness...like you.
kramer: Oh, yeah. I can barely see you, George.
kramer: I yearn.
kramer: Oh, yes. Yes, I yearn. Often, I...I sit...and yearn. Have you yearned?
kramer: O.K., like what? No, tell me! Do you have a job?
kramer: You got money?
kramer: Do you have a woman?
kramer: Do you have any prospects?
kramer: You got anything on the horizon?
kramer: Do you have any action at all?
kramer: Do you have any conceivable reason for even getting up in the morning?
kramer: George, it's time for us to grow up - and be men. Not little boys.
kramer: I'm goin' to California. You know, I got the bug.
kramer: No, the acting bug. Ever since I was in that Woody Allen movie.
kramer: I know, I know, but man! I never felt so alive! Now, are you coming with me?
kramer: Alright, suit yourself. But let's keep this between us - we're key brothers now. (Gets up to leave.)
kramer: And then, the evil ogre took back the magical keys from the handsome young prince.
kramer: Yes! And then the handsome young prince was cast out into the cruel, cruel world.
kramer: Oh, he's cold.
kramer: Yeah, yeah...that'd be funny. (To driver) Hey, you can drop me here!
kramer: Well, you know, I gotta be goin' now.
kramer: What do you think, junior? You think these hands have been soakin' in Ivory liquid? (mimics choking somebody)
kramer: So, how long you been drivin' this thing?
kramer: Well, nothin's sexier than a woman behind the wheel of a semi.
kramer: You know, I always wanted to drive the big rigs. I used to watch those commercials during the reruns of Gomer Pyle.
kramer: Really?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Oh, good morning, Miss Brown.
kramer: Oh, I'm uh, Steven Snell.
kramer: Steven.
kramer: Oh - I'm familiar with it.
kramer: So my acting technique, my personal acting technique is working with color, imagining color, then finding the emotional vibrational mood connected to the color. See, if you look through my scripts, you'll see that all my lines have a special color, so I don't memorize language, I memorize color. This way I can go through red, yellow, green, blue. And I have a full palette of emotions.
kramer: Uh, did you?
kramer: Well, I was just--
kramer: Alright, we'll talk about this a little later. Are you an actor?
kramer: Uh, yeah, uh, Candace Bergen please.
kramer: Ah, well, just tell her that it's Kramer.
kramer: Alright I'll uh, I'll call her at home. (To man waiting behind him) Go ahead, it's all yours.
kramer: Oh, uh, Helena, how are you?
kramer: Well, that's only uh, 58 years.
kramer: Yeah, right, right, yeah, yeah, that was a Shemp, right?
kramer: Uh huh, right.
kramer: Right.
kramer: Uh huh.
kramer: Right.
kramer: Really.
kramer: Really?
kramer: Well I don't remember that part.
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah, you were, you were very good.
kramer: Well, that was an unusual choice for the stooges.
kramer: Uh, well, uh, you know I can't right now, you know, uh, I got a very big meeting, I got these people interested in my movie treatment. So, uh, I guess we'll have to make it another time, alright?
kramer: Helena, you're wrong, you know I'm not that sensitive at all.
kramer: Oh ah, yeah, I'm here for the audition.
kramer: Uh, let's see... well.
kramer: You scream good.
kramer: Oh yeah, yeah, I got 20 copies.
kramer: Really.
kramer: Um-hm.
kramer: Wait wait, hold it, hold it. Look who's over there. Don't look, don't look! It's Fred Savage.
kramer: He'd be perfect for my movie. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. (takes a deep breath) I gotta go over there, I gotta give him a copy of my treatment.
kramer: Well, I'm just a little nervous. OK, I gotta relax. Phew. Wish me luck, huh?
kramer: Hey. Oh, did I frighten you? I'm not crazy. I mean, I may look weird, but I'm just like you, I'm just a regular guy just trying to make it in this business. You know I really like your work, the, uh...
kramer: Yeah, I can't remember the name of it.
kramer: Yeah, my mind's a blank, I'm sorta nervous, you know, uh...
kramer: Ok, but I got this...
kramer: Stupid table. You know, I'm not normally like this, usually I'm very cool and charming, I don't mean to bother you or anything but I think it's fate that you happened to be here at the same time as me.
kramer: I got this treatment I think you'll be great in.
kramer: So I'd like to give it to you.
kramer: (bumping into a lamp) Alright, excuse me. Uh wait, wait.
kramer: I'm dizzy.
kramer: Jerry, George!
kramer: I don't know...
kramer: Hey, how are you doing? Jerry! George!
kramer: What me? Fabulous, just fabulous. I've got a lot of auditions, a lot of call backs and I've got a lot of interest for my movie treatment. I'm in development, I'm in developed vehicles. And there's a lot of energy here, man. You know, the vibe, it's powerful. I'm just swept up at it. Yeah, I'm a player.
kramer: Yeah, a player...
kramer: What? What this? I'll be out of here in couple of hours. Hey, guess who I met today? Rick Savage, oh nice kid, really good kid. You know, we're talking about doing a project together.
kramer: So? I'm innocent! I mean you guys believe that I'm innocent, don't you? Jerry? George?
kramer: Ok, yeah. All right look, I'll be out of here by noon. Maybe we'll have lunch together, huh?
kramer: Help me!! Help me!
kramer: I didn't kill anyone, I swear! I swear to God!
kramer: You're making a big mistake.
kramer: What?
kramer: Wow wow wow wow, you've got the wrong man!! It wasn't me!
kramer: Ok, can I just talk to somebody? Can I just explain...
kramer: No...
kramer: Hey, how did you know about the guy in the park?
kramer: Hahaa!
kramer: Somebody got killed while they had me in custody.
kramer: Yes, I'm free. (singing) 'cause the murderer struck again!
kramer: Do? Do? Hey, I'm doing what I do. You know, I've always done what I do. I'm doing what I do, way I've always done and the way I'll always do it.
kramer: What do you want me to say? That the things haven't worked out the way that I planned? That I'm struggling, barely able to keep my head above water? That L.A. is a cold place even in the middle of the summer? That it's a lonely place even when your stuck in traffic at the Hollywood Freeway? That I'm no better than a screenwriter driving a cab, a starlet turning tricks, a producer in a house he can't afford? Is that what you want me to say?
kramer: Well, I'm not saying that! You know, things are going pretty well for me here. I met a girl...
kramer: Yeah, well I wasn't looking for a long term relationship. I was on TV.
kramer: Ok, yeah, you guys got to put a negative spin on everything.
kramer: No no I'm not ready, things are starting to happen.
kramer: Ok, it's forgotten.
kramer: Yeah, ok.
kramer: Hey hey, whoa come on give me a hug...
kramer: Hey!
kramer: Any mustard? This is empty.
kramer: No no, I don't like this one. It's too yellow. Any pickles?
kramer: Yeah, all right.
kramer: Getting something to eat.
kramer: ...And you're the manager of the circus.
kramer: Come on, this is a great idea. Look at the characters. You've got all these freaks on the show. A woman with a moustache? I mean, who wouldn't tune in to see a women with a moustache? You've for the tallest man in the world; a guy who's just a head.
kramer: Look Jerry, the show isn't about the circus, it's about watching freaks.
kramer: Why not?
"kramer: Oh come on Jerry, you're wrong. People they want to watch freaks. This is a ""can't miss."""
kramer: All right I'll be back in a second. You guys coming to my party? (exits)
kramer: Really, Ah,
"kramer: Oh, stop saying 'reneging""."
kramer: I, Okay, okay. I'm not reneging.
kramer: You let go - come on ...(they fight over the items)
kramer: Nah.
kramer: (Thinks) No, I don't think so.
kramer: I don't like it.
kramer: I don't like the idea of a character based on me.
kramer: well it just doesn't sit well.
kramer: That's your problem, buddy.
kramer: Hey, I'll tell you what - you can do it on one condition.
kramer: I get to play Kramer.
kramer: I am Kramer.
kramer: Phew!
kramer: Newman?
kramer: Yeah. That's strange.
kramer: That's queer uh?
kramer: Yeah, you better think again Mojumbo.
kramer: No. We had a deal. There are no guarantees in life.
kramer: Yeah (to buzzer)
kramer: Whoa, back up a second.
kramer: Why would you think I would invite him?
kramer: Assumed? Never assume anything. I don't want that nut in my house. You know he's on medication.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: September third.
kramer: Um, Uh, ugh, ...
kramer: Devola came after me.
"kramer: Can I have a coffee. ... What, you know I was walking home and I had to pick up my helmet from the shop, you know. I gota new strap. And I had it on you know, and I was checking the strap out to make sure it fit. Then suddenly I feel this kick hit me on the side of the head. It knocks me down, I look up and it's Crazy Joe Devola. And he say's, ""That's what I thin k of your party."""
kramer: Well, yeah, Newman's helmet, it saved my life. Look at that.
kramer: I got bad news for you buddy. Devola says you're next.
kramer: He doesn't like you.
kramer: Pass the cream.
kramer: What are you looking for?
kramer: No, no, no.
kramer: (clueless) what is what?
kramer: You're in a weird mood.
kramer: Fix what?
kramer: what is this? What have I got one pant leg on for?
kramer: No, t's a joke.. a joke... a joke... you think this is funny?
kramer: Wha-huh-wha-huh...
kramer: I don't believe this.
kramer: No, I swear.
kramer: Me?
kramer: What's this?
kramer: A dry-cleaning bill for what?
kramer: Oh, come on George! I didn't do that on purpose!
kramer: Well, neither should I! Jerry's the one who left the milk in the refrigerator.
kramer: I didn't know.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yo-yo Ma!
kramer: What about him?
kramer: Jeez!
kramer: (from inside) Yeah?
kramer: For what?
kramer: what about?
kramer: I can't, I'm going to the doctor's later.
kramer: Well, I can't!
kramer: Shut up! I'll get my coat!
kramer: Don't step on anything.
kramer: No.
kramer: Uhm...
kramer: I never had an air conditioner.
kramer: Why? It gets hot at night, you can't sleep. You ever tried to sleep in a really hot room?
kramer: Well, I slept in really hot rooms and I wanted to kill myself.
kramer: I was never able to become a banker.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. If I can't be banker, I don't wanna live.
kramer: MUST be banker.
kramer: (interupts involuntarily) Yo-yo Ma!
kramer: What do you mean 'my own words'? Whose words are they gonna be?
kramer: (to Judge) I was very upset that day.
kramer: (to Newman) Would you let me say it? Let me talk!
kramer: All right.
kramer: (to Judge) I was very upset that day because I could never become a banker.
kramer: (not convincing) Uh, yeah.
kramer: What was the question?
kramer: Uh, well, my father when I was a kid, he took me to the bank and he lifted me up and he pointed to the teller and he said 'Sonny boy, take a good look at him, that's gonna be you some day.'
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: (puzzled) Phone call?
kramer: From who?
kramer: From you?
kramer: You called me?
kramer: what?
kramer: What banking?
kramer: I'm distraught!?! Wooh-wooh-hoo!
kramer: Never said anything about the banking.
kramer: Hey!
kramer: What are YOU doing here?
kramer: Davola?
kramer: No, I didn't see him.
kramer: You're gonna do the circus freak show, uh?
kramer: Run, run! Go, go, go!
kramer: I saw the whole thing!
kramer: Hey, Morty.
kramer: Hey, Mrs. Seinfeld. Hi
kramer: Oh, ah, well some guy kicked me in the side of the head.
kramer: Ah, w-Crazy Joe Devola.
kramer: Well, I was having this party and I didn't invite him and then Jerry, tipped him off.
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah. I was a little off last week, huh Jerry -- Yeah but the doctor says it was just a slight concussion
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah. He's after Jerry now.
kramer: Yeah, I like him. Hey Jerry, what time you got?
kramer: When you getting it back?
kramer: Next week? How come it's takin' so long?
kramer: I said how come it's takin' so long?
kramer: Wait a minute, wait a minute, where did you take it?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: What? Jimmy Sherman?
kramer: Yeah, I know the guy. I take my stuff in there all the time. Yeah, I bet I can get your watch back by tomorrow morning.
kramer: No, I'd be happy to. He's a friend of mine.
kramer: Hey, I'm going to get that watch back for you by tomorrow, buddy. You see.
kramer: I get that too. (exits)
kramer: Y-Yeah, all right.
kramer: Wait, wait, . . .y-yea, w-no dit dit g- (Kramer noises)
kramer: Oh, no, uh, he's got my Calamine lotion and uh, I told him not to return it. If he needs it he should keep it. He's got uh, he's got a thing on his ankle.
kramer: I'll take it. No, I'll take it. What is it?
kramer: Cigars? (hits the box)
kramer: Oh, yeah?
kramer: Castro eh? Pasto costillo homiga (nonsense Spanish)
kramer: Wooo, you know what you just did? You let a burglar in the building.
kramer: Federal Express? Of course. That's the oldest trick in the book. You know it might not be a burglar it could be a murderer.
kramer: Yes. It's dangerous.
kramer: wait det doit ... dit (Kramer noises -- he prepares for a fight by rolling up a magazine)
kramer: Okay, ... gidg gi gt (backs up and bends his knees, holding the rolled magazine - arm back, ready for a rumble)
kramer: I want one of those!
kramer: Oh yes
kramer: Well I came back for you.
kramer: Hey, I'm going to be right back. I'm going to get a match.
kramer: You know I can't find a match anywhere.
kramer: This is a good cigar (hair is on fire, white smoke pouring from the back of his head) . . . . . . WOOOOOOOOOOW . . . (runs to bathroom, his arms in the air -- he bangs them in to the top of the hallway door jam and falls into the bathroom)
kramer: Yeah, yeah, okay. I'm your boyfriend.
kramer: Have we been intimate?
kramer: Alright, how often do we do it?
kramer: Elaine, he's a psychiatrist. They're interested in stuff like that.
kramer: (suggestive) Oooh, baby. (smiles)
kramer: I know what I'm gonna say.
kramer: No, no. I don't wanna say it out loud. Kills the spontaneity. You know, Gleason, he never rehearsed. (indicates phone) 'Kay, go 'head, do it.
kramer: (playing with his hair) Talk to him.
kramer: Oh, well, yeah, it's good.
kramer: (listens) Uh, yes. Uh uh, Doctor uh, Reston, is he in? Well, this is Kramer and uh, he's expecting my call.
kramer: (singing) ...Johnny ...was a rebel. He rode through the land...
kramer: ...Yu uh, yes, yes uh, uh, Doctor Reston. Uhm well, hello there. Ahh yeah, well, I'm a good friend of Elaine's...
kramer: ...Well, actually uh, we're uh, we're not friends Uh, we're uh, we're much more than friends...
kramer: ...and uh, I'm afraid we have a bit of a problem. Well, the point is, doctor uh, I'm very much in love with Elaine...
kramer: ...and uh, she's very much in love with me, and uh, well uh, we would uh, appreciate it if you would cease and desist, and allow us to pursue our courtship unfettered.
kramer: If not, I can assure you, doctor, that I can make things very unpleasant for you and your staff. If you have one.
kramer: Yes. Yeah, but the point that I... (listens)
kramer: ...Ah, ye... (listens) Well, no... Uh, yeah, that's possible...
kramer: (listens) ...Well, I suppose I could, (turns away from Elaine) but I'd have to shift a few things around, uhm... Hold on for a second, will you? Uh...
kramer: ... Uh, go ahead, yeah. (listens and makes a note) Alright uh... Yeah, yeah, okay... I look forward to it too. (listens) Eh, hah, okay. So long.
kramer: Uh, okay now. He uh, you know, he uh, wants to get together.
kramer: He wants to talk.
kramer: (momentary confusion) Wha...? Uh... (thoughtful) That's interesting.
kramer: (looking around) Look at this building. What is this?
kramer: (indicating) The door's on a diagonal.
kramer: (looking around) It's architecturally incorrect.
kramer: Well, it uh, (offering his hand) it's a pleasure to meet you.
kramer: Thank you.
kramer: (quiet) Okay.
kramer: Okay uh, yeah. I'll have a uh, you have a decaf cappuccino?
kramer: Well, that's a little strange.
kramer: Well, it's uh, it's a very popular drink
kramer: That's true. But, you know, I can't help but think that uh...
kramer: ...Okay, yes, shoot.
kramer: Oh, alrighty uh...
kramer: Well, what we have here, doctor, is uhm, an extraordinary situation.
kramer: Oh, you better believe it.
kramer: You know, I never thought of it like that before, doctor. (points) You, are absolutely right.
kramer: (reaching in pocket) Hey, would you like a cigar? Y'know, they're Cubans.
kramer: Yeah. You know, I think Elaine is a wonderful woman. You two are gonna make a wonderful couple.
kramer: (lighting Dr Reston's cigar) Uh huh.
kramer: (lighting his own cigar) Well, that's very kind of you.
kramer: Mmm, these are good, huh?
kramer: (quiet) Oh.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Hey, he's a terrific guy.
kramer: Well, we talked about a lot of things.
kramer: Hmm.
kramer: Hello boys, (in an Irish accent) top of the morning to ya. What do you say?
kramer: So, what are you guys doin' this weekend?
kramer: Because I'm going to be playing golf at the Westchester country club. Mmh.
kramer: Oh, that's right buddy. It's private. It's very private. But I met the pro at the golf shop up on 49th St. -- I gave him one of these Cubans and he invites me up to play a free round ... then he says anytime I lay one of these babies on him it's going to be the same deal. Ha ha. Idn't that beautiful.
kramer: Man, I'm going to be hitting the links all weekend. Ffoooo (Taking an imaginary swing, he makes the sound of a golf ball being hit)
kramer: Why? What wa?
kramer: Well, what, they got any golf courses up there?
kramer: Uh huh.
kramer: Well,
kramer: Well, I'm off to the links.
kramer: Listen, I want to thank you for the invite up state. I'm sorry I can't make it.
kramer: Wait, wai, ... ... Yeah. Hello!, Hi, Aw, this is Kramer. Yeah, I'm the next door neighbor. Aw, well you know, ah Jerry's left, uh, uh, But listen, ah, see ah, my golf game got canceled. Uh, I'm thinkin' of going up myself... They got pies and ah, I got the directions right here.
kramer: So then I drive all the way up to the country club and then I find out they got a tournament goin' on. Do you mind if I smoke?
kramer: These are Cubans. (IN FAKE SPANISH) Maria, poquendo los scientos de estes con gleam.
kramer: Hey! Anybody home? Oh boy.
kramer: Ah, hold these (boxes of) pies.
kramer: Okay.
kramer: Naomi, come on let's get goin'.
kramer: Nah, it's good for ya'. Retards the aging process.
kramer: Let's go.... OK. (he snaps the towel at Naomi's backside) GOTCHA.
kramer: HeYAWaaa
kramer: (singing) ... It's a big, wild, funky mountain man ...
kramer: My Cubans! (runs off to the burning cabin)
kramer: Hey.
kramer: (Complaining) No more golf.
kramer: Well, you remember I told you about the pro, you know, at the Westchester Country Club, who's letting me play a round every time I give him a couple of those Cuban cigars?
kramer: (Angered) Yeah, well, I lost them all in the fire! (Leaning over the couch, he addresses George) Hey, George, maybe you can ask Susan's father for more, huh?
kramer: Why? What's one thing got to do with another?
kramer: Well, I can't go back to the public courses, now. I can't! I won't. I mean, you know what that's like? It's crowded, the grass has big brown patches in it, they don't rake the sand traps! Not to mention the caliber of people you have to play with!
kramer: (Opening the door) Where? They're Cubans. (Leaves)
kramer: Oh, hey.
kramer: (Moving back into the room) Oh, yeah?
kramer: Uh, George, did you talk to that guy about getting me some more cigars?
"kramer: (Concluding) Okay.. well, I guess I'm just going to have to take matters into my own hands, huh? (Pause) Alright, I'll see you guys. (Leaves, despite ""No, don't go!"" and other various comments by Jerry and George)"
kramer: Buenos dias.
kramer: Uh, habla ingles?
kramer: Giddy-up. Ok, uh, (Looks at a woman wearing dark sunglasses and sitting on a sofa behind him. He reacts oddly) Um. I need to talk to someone.
kramer: Uh, well, It's a very private matter, but it's extremely urgent.
kramer: Oh, yeah.
kramer: Okay.
kramer: (Standing up, greeting the men) Buenos dias.
kramer: Uh, Kramer.
kramer: (Leaning in, confidentially) Cigars.
kramer: (Definite) Cigars.
kramer: Uh, see here, I.. (Pulls out a paper ring from his pocket) I saved one of the cigar rings..
kramer: (Pointing at the cigar, incredibly nervous) Yeah, yeah. That- that's, uh, okay, So, uh, I'd like to buy a couple of boxes of those from you, yeah?
kramer: Um, wha - oh, illegal, huh?
kramer: Oh, hey! Hey, Jer, I want you to meet my new friends, here. (Introducing each one) This is, uh, Louis, Jorge, and Umberto.
kramer: Yeah, we're heading up to Westchester - gonna hit the links.
kramer: (Trying to avoid the issue) Oh, yeah, yeah, Okay, we're going. (To his three friends) Vamanos, muchachos!
kramer: So, what do you think?
kramer: About the opera.
kramer: You gotta go.
kramer: Jerry, you don't understand, that?s the way they talk in Italy, they sing to one another. Kramer starts to sing in bad Italian.
kramer: That?s the way it was, you know. You listen to the language, its got that sing songy quality. It?s the language Jerry, the language
kramer: Well its, uh, well its too hard to keep up, you know, they were tired.
kramer: Better get that
kramer: So, huh?
kramer: Oh come on Jerry, its opening night, black tie, Pagliacci! The great clown, the great sad tragic clown, like you.
kramer: Oh, well I have many associates.
kramer: All right, you not gonna go I?m not gonna go, I?m gonna call the whole thing off.
kramer: You're the nucleus, the straw that stirs the drink. You're the Miana!
kramer: Hey! Hi Elaine!
kramer: Well no, I don't have them on me.
kramer: My friends got 'em, I?m going to pick them up tomorrow.
kramer: Oh yeah!
kramer: You've got a message buddy.
kramer: Oo yiggity diggigg
kramer: Steady, steady, now calm yourself, come on, now get a hold of yourself,
kramer: OK Quiet! Quiet! Now let me think!
kramer: The cops? What are you calling the cops for? They?re not going to do anything!
kramer: Yiddigtkk ka kibosh.
kramer: Call him and tell him
kramer: Right.... Don't mention my name
kramer: What?s his message like?
kramer: Eh!
kramer: Big! Big!
kramer: It's me!
kramer: What, are you locking the door now?
kramer: I am dressed.
kramer: Yeah. Hey I want you to hear something.
kramer: People do, I don't.
kramer: It's Pagliacci!
kramer: Why? What happened?
kramer: That?s fantastic! We'll scalp the tickets, we'll make maybe five hundred a ticket.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: What, are you kidding? Opening night Pavarotti and Pagliacci. Ha, we're gonna clean up!
kramer: OK come on, let?s go get the tickets.
kramer: Oh yeah!
kramer: I got two, I got two huh, Paliachi, who needs two, Pagliacci, come on, the great tragic clown, come on, check it out, he laughs, he cries, he sings, Pagliacci. Hey, I got two beauties right here, check it out all right.
kramer: Oh yeah, I?m selling.
kramer: Orchestra, Row G, dead center, primo! You'll think you died and went to heaven.
kramer: All right, I?ll tell you what I?ll do. Cause you look like a nice guy, a thousand dollars for the duce.
kramer: Pzzzt. No.
kramer: Look, let me handle this.
kramer: You're blowing this, the guys a pigeon.
kramer: Look, I know what I?m doing here George.
kramer: Oh, yeah.
kramer: I know where I?m standing.
kramer: Hey!
kramer: Are you guys ready?
kramer: Have you seen George?
kramer: These are great seats huh?
kramer: Yeah
kramer: Some nut in a clown suit!
kramer: Hey.
kramer: I'm watching The Bold and the Beautiful.
kramer: What?
kramer: Five minutes. What?
kramer: Because I've been watching too much. It was an addiction. I couldn't stop. It was, it was destroying my brain cells.
kramer: Well, wow.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh, no. There's nothing out there for me.
kramer: Weather? I don't need weather. Weather doesn't do it for me.
kramer: No, no, I don't want it back. (Pause) Are you gonna watch the Knick game tonight?
kramer: Will you tape it?
kramer: Yeah. (He exits)
kramer: I'm in. Let's go for it.
kramer: I don't care, whatever.
kramer: Okay. What are you getting?
kramer: What's a Chow Fung?
kramer: What do you mean, a broad noodle?
kramer: Well I don't want a big flat noodle.
kramer: Who says I want a noodle?
kramer: All right. I'll get pea pods and you can't have any of my pea pods.
kramer: Get extra MSG.
kramer: Hey, you got the food?
kramer: What took you so long? Hey, Ping!
kramer: Yeah. Where's yours?
kramer: Oh, that's too bad.
kramer: (To Jerry) Hey, you watchin' Oprah?
kramer: (To Jerry) No, I don't want it back.
kramer: (To himself) Hey, look. An hour with Patrick Swayze.
kramer: You, you guys wanna hold it down? I'm watchin' Jeopardy.
kramer: Oh, by the way, George. Susan called for you a minute ago.
kramer: (To the TV) Who is Joseph Cotton? Giddee up!
kramer: (To the TV) What is pi? Ooh! Giddee up again.
kramer: (To the TV once again) What is the cha-cha? Ooh, yes indeed.
kramer: What is here comes the judge, here comes the judge!
kramer: (Imitating a Turkish terrorist) You! Take off your socks, your pants, your underwear. We're doing the wash. C'mon! Take it off, take it off!
kramer: Hey, Georgie.
kramer: (Laughing) She caught you?
kramer: Oh, like you're gonna stop?
kramer: (Butting in) Wait a second, wait a second. Count me in on this. (Clicks his tongue)
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: (Making a point) Not everyday.
kramer: No, a thousand!
kramer: Alright. (Holds out his pinkie at the center of the table)
kramer: Hey, look at this, c'mere. There's a naked woman across the street.
kramer: Second floor from the top. (Pointing) See the window on the left?
kramer: ..Yeah.. (Pause) yeah.. (Slowly stands up, and walks out Jerry's apartment - leaving Jerry and George with the view, he shuts the door behind him)
kramer: (Declaring) I'm out!
kramer: Yeah, I'm out - I'm out of the contest.
kramer: Yeah, yeah.. (Notes their reactions) what?
kramer: (Singing) Goood Moorrrnninng!
kramer: Ha, ha! Nothing like some good solid sack time. (Turns toward Jerry's window)
kramer: (Turning back to Jerry) Oh. So, did you make it through the night?
kramer: So, you're still master of your domain.
kramer: Woah, woah, woah. What-what did you just say?
kramer: Do you hear what you're saying?! Can you hear it?! (Jerry puts on his coat) This is a beautiful woman walking around naked, and you want to tell her to stop?! That's the dumbest thing I ever heard! I mean, think comprehens- I'm not gonna let you do it.
"kramer: (Stopping him) No, no, no, no. You can't! You can't! This is something that comes about once in a lifetime! When we were boys, looking through our bedroom windows, we would think ""Why can't there be a woman out there, taking her clothes off?"" And now that wish's come true, and you want to (Makes a noise) throw it away?!"
kramer: No, I'm not gonna let you do it, Jerry.
kramer: (Frantic) No, no, no. Don't do it. Don't do it! For my sake! God knows I don't ask you for much! (Pleading) Now, come on. Please, Jerry. Please! I'm beggin' ya! Please! (Claps hands) Come on! Please!
kramer: Yes!
kramer: (Moving to the window) Thank you, thank you, thank you. (Sits in Jerry's chair, looking out the window)
kramer: Oh, I can wait..
kramer: (Obviously watching the nudist across the street) Oh, that's good. That's good. That's very, very good. Oh, it's hot in there.. (Jerry looks back at Kramer in envy) It's hot in there. So, just walk around a little bit. Don't be ashamed, don't be ashamed.. that's good, that's good.. yes, yes, yes..
kramer: The woman across the street has nothing on, nothing on, nothing on..
kramer: Hey, what made you think you could touch that awning?
kramer: So how we doin' on time?
kramer: Will you relax?!
kramer: This is the best way to go!
kramer: George, there's no traffic at this time. Now, come on, man...
kramer: If anything, we'll probably get there early. I'll have a chance to go to the Duty Free shop.
kramer: Duty.
kramer: No, I dunno how much duty is.
kramer: I still like to stop at the duty free shop.
kramer: How does it look on your side? [Pause while George just stares at him] We'll get there...
kramer: Look at you! You run like a girl! Run like a man! Lift your knees!
kramer: No, there it is, right there-- 133... and it's canceled.
kramer: Ok, c'mon... let's go check over at the ticket counter.
kramer: Did you see that guy?
kramer: That guy.. He was just...
kramer: [still lost] I know that guy...
kramer: They're on a different flight. They're scheduled to land in a half hour, only at Laguardia.
kramer: Where do I know that guy from?
kramer: It's Grossbard!
kramer: When I lived on Third avenue and 18th street 20 years ago, I had this roommate who was *always* behind in his rent. Then one month, he asks me to loan him his share of the rent-- 240 bucks! He took the cash and >pfffft< disappears. Well, I try to find him, I went to his girlfriend's house, even his family. Uh-uh. I never got the money back! He screwed me! And that's the guy-- John Grossbard!
kramer: No, I'm gonna turn around... I'm gonna get that guy...
kramer: What?
kramer: Let's go. Listen to the bell, Grossbard-- it tolls for thee.
kramer: Grossbard's plane leaves in ten minutes. I *still* got time to catch him!
kramer: Gimme your credit card.
kramer: Just gimme the card, don't ask me any questions.
kramer: I'm gonna buy a ticket-- I'm gonna get on that flight.
kramer: No, I'm not gonna use the ticket! I'm gonna get my money, I'll get off the plane and turn your ticket in for a refund. It's not gonna cost you a dime! Now gimme the card.
kramer: Look, I got Super Savers! C'mon.
kramer: She talked me in to it-- she said it was the best deal.
kramer: Look, I'll tell you what-- I'll split it with you
kramer: Hey! That guy owes me 240 bucks!
kramer: You guys ready?
kramer: Hey, you got any Double Crunch?
kramer: Now what does the little man inside you say? See you gotta listen to the little man.
kramer: The little man knows all.
kramer: You want a picture like that on a Christmas card? I can do that for you. ...
kramer: No, no, I'll take your picture. I'll take care of everything.
kramer: All right, ... now, you come on over. I'll have my cereal and I'll take your picture.
kramer: I don't know about that outfit though.
kramer: Well, we'll have to improvise.
kramer: Hey
kramer: Hey, how ya' doing? [Trying to enter]
kramer: I just wanted to borrow your Dust Buster.
kramer: Hello.
kramer: How tall are you?
kramer: Come on lets see - Back to Back.
kramer: What's the matter with you? I just wanted to see how tall she was.
kramer: What's that?
kramer: That smell. What's that smell?
kramer: It's very familiar. I can't put my finger on it. It's very familiar.
kramer: Yeah, okay, So I'll see you tomorrow uh?
kramer: Yeah. Nice meeting you.
kramer: [OC] THE BEACH!!!
kramer: You smell like the beach. What's the name of that perfume? you're wearing.
kramer: CALVIN KLEIN? No, no. That's my idea. They, they stole my idea. Y' see I had the idea of a cologne that makes you smell like you just came from the beach.
kramer: Whooo, ... That's you! What is going on here? The gyp(?) he laughs at me then he steals my idea. I could have been a millionaire. I could have been a fragrance millionaire, Jerry. ... They're not going to get away with this.
kramer: Hey!
kramer: What card?
kramer: Yeah, yeah. Of course. I took it.
kramer: No.
kramer: Yeah, so?
kramer: That's a nipple.
kramer: Ooo!
kramer: Aw, no, no I didn't notice it. no, uh,
kramer: I got them too.
kramer: Got any Double Crunch?
kramer: What's that perfume?
kramer: That's mine. That's my smell. Jerry you've got to get that model to get me an appointment with CALVIN KLEIN.
kramer: I thought you said it was a scratch.
kramer: Let's go.
kramer: I want to talk to Calvin.
kramer: Let me talk to Calvin.
kramer: Yeah, uh.
kramer: I'm here to talk about the ocean.
kramer: Now I don't want any trouble Calvin.
kramer: All right, now here's the scoop, Jockey. I, uh, I came in here last January to talk to one of your ffflunkies..
kramer: Yeah.. And, um, when I told him my idea about the beach cologne, you know, he - he laughed at me.
kramer: Well, yeah.
kramer: You know, I try to take care of myself. I - I watch what I eat. Ah, just recently I cut out fructose.
kramer: (Flattered) Oh?
kramer: I've got the magazine. The underwear ad came out.
kramer: What?
kramer: Listen, I'm gonna get a hot dog at Payapa King.
kramer: I'm starvin', I haven't had any dinner!
kramer: I don't wanna get a movie hot dog! [in tears] I want a Papaya King hot dog!
kramer: Well, just save me a seat.
kramer: Good question.
kramer: He's spaced out.
kramer: [thinks for a while]
kramer: Could you do me a favor? If you see a guy that's five foot eleven, he's got uh a big head and flared nostrils, tell him his friend's going to be right back, okay?
kramer: Hey, did that guy show up?
kramer: No, the guy with the big head and the flared nostrils.
kramer: Uh, no, see, my friend already bought me a ticket. I'm late, and she's inside.
kramer: Is that seat taken?
kramer: It was on the seat...
kramer: Yeah, right...
kramer: It's yellow mustard. [To George] Can you break a twenty?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Well, the camp ended a few days early.
kramer: Uh, well there was an incident.
kramer: I punched Mickey Mantle in the mouth.
kramer: Yeah, I punched him and they took him to the hospital and then they canceled the rest of the week.
kramer: Mickey Mantle.
kramer: Well, you know, we were playing a game and, you know, I was pitching, and I was really throwing some smoke. And Joe Pepitone, he was up, and man that guy, you know, he was crowding the plate.
kramer: Yeah, well, Joe Pepitone or not, I own the inside of that plate. So I throw one, you know, inside, you know, a little chin music, put him right on his pants. Cause I gotta intimidate when I'm on the mound. Well the next pitch, he's right back in the same place. So, I had to plunk him.
kramer: Oh yeah. Well, he throws down his bat, he comes racing up to the mound. Next thing, both benches are cleared, you know? A brouhaha breaks out between the guys in the camp, you know, and the old Yankee players, and as I'm trying to get Moose Skowron off of one of my teammates, you know, somebody pulls me from behind, you know, and I turned around and I popped him. I looked down, and woah man, it's Mickey. I punched his lights out.
"kramer: Then Hank Bauer, you know, he's screaming, ""Mickey! Mickey! What have you done with Mickey? You killed Mickey!"""
kramer: Well, I got the hell out of there.
kramer: Then Hank Bauer, you know, he's chasing me around, he trips over third base and knocks over Clete Boyer.
kramer: Well, doesn't he need that?
kramer: Well, I just came back from Mickey Mantle's restaurant.
kramer: Well, I had to. I had to apologize. I mean, I punched Mickey Mantle, my idol. It was eating me up inside!
"kramer: I got down in my knees and went, ""Go ahead, Mickey. Hit me. I'm begging you, Mickey, please hit me. C'mon, hit me. I love you, Mickey, I love you!"""
kramer: Well, the four of them, they picked me up by my pants and they threw me outside, right into a horse.
kramer: Yeah? It's my Chinese food.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Your old flame. Gail Cunningham.
kramer: Well, I was on my way to the Y, and I saw her coming towards me? I didn't know what to do! Because I remembered you had three dates with her and she wouldn't kiss you goodnight. So now I'm thinking you know, what is my duty to my friend? Do I acknowledge her? Do I you know ignore her? I mean, what is my responsibility here?
"kramer: Yeah, yeah, so she sees me and she goes, (imitates Gail) ""Oh, hi! Kramer!"" You know? Like nothing happened! Like she never you know went three dates with you and refused to kiss you goodnight."
kramer: You know what I did? I snubbed her.
kramer: I walked right by her - bffffft - never said a word.
kramer: Right by her!
kramer: Yeah. Well, you know, she was lucky I was in a good mood - coulda been a lot worse.
kramer: I just kissed Gail Cunningham. (Jerry turns and looks at Kramer, shocked. Elaine grins and heads to the bathroom.)
kramer: Yeah, I kissed her.
kramer: Right on the mouth.
kramer: Well, I saw her outside the Y, you know, she came up to me, she started yelling because I snubbed her, and then we started talking a little bit, and I walked her to her building. And just before I left, I put my arm around her waist, I pulled her to me, and I - mmm - I planted one! (Laughs.)
kramer: She kissed me back.
kramer: Gail Cunningham.
kramer: Well, you know, we were just talking, and uh she mentioned how you're buying your shoes now at Botticelli's.
kramer: Right in the kitchen. Disgraceful.
kramer: She's sensual. You know, with the...cooking and all. (Kramer grins happily at Jerry and leaves. The phone rings. Jerry tosses the trashbag to George.)
kramer: Yah-hey.
kramer: Alright, I'll call her right now.
kramer: She said she'll do it.
kramer: She says she wants those shoes.
kramer: Alright, what size are you?
kramer: Eh! Bingo.
kramer: Hey, C'mon! Let's go! I thought we were going to take a steam!
kramer: Well I don't want to sit there naked all by myself!
kramer: Happy birthday paruba!
kramer: Well, I beg to differ...
kramer: Yello?
kramer: I thought we were friends...
kramer: I mean, how could you two keep this a secret from me?
kramer: Aaaah! Enough lying! The lying is through! C'mon, Jerry, the masquerade is over. You're thin, late thirties, single...
kramer: Yeah--
kramer: We'll see you later...
kramer: He's the *phone* man!
kramer: Not that there's anything wrong with that...
kramer: So what's up, Diggity Dog?
kramer: Oh, that's too bad. Now don't say I didn't try to warn you.
kramer: Oh, Jerry, I'm *surprised* at you!
kramer: It's a *con*. These agencies are usually a front for some money laundering scheme. Or they're bunko artists; bilkin' people out of their life savings, oh *yeah*.
kramer: The alternative media, Jerry. That's where you hear the truth.
kramer: I'm in here. C'mon...
kramer: Well--
kramer: Well, Newman and I are going partners selling used records.
kramer: Yeah, so we thought if you had any of those big, y'know, old-fashioned useless records, y'know, just... lyin' around--
kramer: Y'know, we'd take them off your hands, free of charge.
kramer: Five bucks???
kramer: [In Newman's ear] He's gyppin' us...
kramer: Wait, wait, wait... Sergio Mendes has a cult following.
kramer: He can't even walk down the street in South America...
kramer: [In Newman's ear] I don't like it...
kramer: [In Newman's ear] Alright, well be back, jack.
"kramer: Well, here's your *albums* [Journey ""Escape"" is on top, BTW...]"
kramer: Hey, what kind of stuff are you listening to? You *embarrassed* me at that store.
kramer: Hey, hey, hey, hey, that guy can't even go to the bathroom in South America!
kramer: Wait, wait, wait, now... He's throwin them out??
kramer: Okay...
kramer: Yeah...
kramer: Yeah, but you've gotta come with us.
kramer: Now calm down, Mr. Fields...
kramer: Oooow! He's biting me!
kramer: [In Newman's ear] This guy's nothin' but a piece of crap...
kramer: [In Newman's ear] A piece of crap...
kramer: [In Newman's ear] I find you extremely ugly...
kramer: [In Newman's ear] You emit a foul and unpleasant odour...
kramer: [In Newman's ear] I *loathe* you...
kramer: [In Newman's ear] Make us.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: No, y'know we took the old man's records over to Ron's and he tried to *screw* us so we got in a fight.
kramer: Yeah, a real brouhaha...
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Well, I know what they feel like.
kramer: Well, I lived in Los Angeles for three months.
kramer: I do! I just miss the warm weather, y'know? Jeez. Oh man, I wish I could get away.
kramer: No. Huh? You know who I saw at the health club? Salman Rushdie.
kramer: I put them on a dental chair.
kramer: Whoo. It's like a sauna in here.
kramer: Consolation Guy is big.
kramer: It's like ten dates in one shot.
"kramer: Why don't you get a ""death in the family"" fare?"
kramer: You go to the airlines, you tell them you got a death in the family? They give you 50% off the fare.
kramer: In fact, listen...I'll go down there with ya. You know, we'll tell them there's a death in my family, you buy the ticket, I'll split it...then I'll get the bonus miles and you'll get to Detroit for a quarter of the price!
kramer: I saw her last week, she looked healthy and peaceful, but...she knew...
kramer: Hey!
kramer: Yep! And, in two days, I'm off to Puerto Rico.
kramer: Pffft - wrong.
kramer: There's Salman.
kramer: Talkin' to that woman.
kramer: If that's Sidra, she's talkin' to Salman.
kramer: Well, I don't think they're real.
kramer: If they're real, that's Rushdie.
kramer: I gotta know, I'm talkin' to Salman.
kramer: It's like a sauna in here, huh? I feel like I'm...back at the desert.
kramer: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I've uh...I've spent a little time in the Mideast. You ever been to the Mideast?
kramer: My name's Kramer.
kramer: So, uh...what kind of work do you do?
kramer: C'mon Jerry!
kramer: Jerry, are you blind? He's a writer. He said his name was Sal Bass. Bass, Jerry! Instead of salmon, he went with bass! He just substituted one fish for another!
kramer: Jerry, Jerry, you're missing the big picture!
kramer: What, did you ask her?
kramer: Well, you know, I'm packing for Puerto Rico, I need to borrow your bathing suit.
kramer: Well, I like yours.
kramer: C'mon, what's wrong with my boys?
kramer: Alright, c'mon!
kramer: Yeah, she was just showing me pictures of places I can visit when I go to Puerto Rico...you know, when you two went down there?
kramer: Yeah... All right....Ya got it, eh.
kramer: Yes.
kramer: Well, I'm staining my floors, y'know, I don't want to get my hands dirty...
kramer: The whole apartment. And I'm buying that fake wood wallpaper. I'm gonna surround myself in wood. It's gonna be like a log cabin. 'Cuz I *need* wood around me. Wood, Jerry [Snaps fingers]... Wood.
kramer: Definitely.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, whenever you're ready.
kramer: Yep.
kramer: I can't work with these!
kramer: Well, you bought me dishwashing gloves. There's no *fine touch*...
kramer: No, no, these are too thick. (removes the gloves/tosses them on the kitchen counter)
"kramer: Oooh, is that ""Home Alone""?"
kramer: Hey, how's it goin'?
kramer: Yeah. (putting hand to his mouth, hatching a thought)
kramer: Yeah, maybe I can get some rubber gloves there huh, yea.
kramer: All right, lets go.
kramer: Yep yep yep.
kramer: (a bit startled) Ahh.
kramer: Ah, the mother lode! (the door squeaks a bit as he pushes it open)
kramer: Pay dirt! (holding up the hand full of gloves. He looks behind himself as the door closes)
kramer: Yeah... I do great, yeah.
kramer: Heey.
kramer: Ah, Yeah Yeah, I have a - I have a question, um -- What do you know about inter-abdominal retractors?
kramer: I sure am.
kramer: But you *will* use... a retractor.
kramer: Mmm-hmm... (turns and walks away, makes a face, raises his eyebrows, nodding his head, then turns back to the group.)
kramer: I'd love to watch the operation, yeah!
kramer: Oh, come on Jerry. You gotta see the operation. They're gonna cut him open -- His guts'll be all over the place...
kramer: ...They'll saw through bone. Uuuuuuuing yutyutyutyutn naannnaaa [makes saw noises while gesturing over Roy's chest] You'll see what's *inside* bone...
kramer: Ah, (smacks hands) there you are. My date stood me up. Listen, will you guys go to the operation with me?
kramer: Yeah... So c'mon, (smacks hands and rubs them together) what d'you say?
kramer: Spleenectomy.
kramer: No No, Don't ruin it for me, I haven't seen it yet! Ah-C'mon, what d'you say?
kramer: C'mon, C'mon. You wanna go? (pats Jerry a couple times on the shoulder quietly) C'mon. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
kramer: Junior Mints. Do you want one?
kramer: Now, I can't see..... Psst.... Psst...
kramer: ... Cou, ye, ge...
kramer: Y-ea (pours a few more Junior Mints into his hand and eats them)
kramer: The machine. You want one?
kramer: Here, take one.
kramer: No, they're good! Take one..
kramer: Just take one.
kramer: Ge--
kramer: Hey. This wallpaper is *very* good. My place looks like a ski lodge!
kramer: Well, I didn't believe you.
kramer: Well who's gonna turn down a Junior Mint? It's chocolate, it's peppermint-- it's *delicious*!
kramer: It's very refreshing!
kramer: Really?
kramer: We could be tried for murder...
kramer: You're not gonna say anything, you got that?
kramer: You're *not*!!!
kramer: Any news?
kramer: Oh.
kramer: 10-4.
kramer: Hello, I'm Kramer.
kramer: See you later. (He promptly turns and leaves)
kramer: Y'know, art's a great investment.
kramer: Awe, alright
kramer: Mint?
kramer: Yeah, I'm going to poke around...
kramer: George, don't give him any money for that. It'll cost you less to keep it another day, rewind it and bring it back tomorrow. Don't give him the satisfaction.
kramer: Steinbrenner! He's ruinin' my life...
kramer: I don't think I can take another season with him, Jerry. He'll just trade away their best young prospects, just like he did with Beuner, McGee, Drabek... McGriff...
kramer: What's that smell?
kramer: Ooooh... You stink.
kramer: You *stink*. Why don't you go take a shower?
kramer: What happened?
kramer: I knew you would.
kramer: I'm Kramer.
kramer: I don't understand it. I was with her last night in my apartment; it was very romantic. Y'know with that fake wood wallpaper, the atmosphere is *fabulous* in there, now. It's like a ski lodge.
kramer: Anyway, we were on the couch, I move to hug her, next thing she tells me she's leaving; she's got to get up early.
kramer: And I was looking good, too. I had a nice, new shirt on, I'm wearing *your* jacket...
kramer: Uh, no, no, not yet.
kramer: I *love* the Drake! I'm looking forward to meeting the Drakette!
kramer: (Looking at Jerry's doodle) That's a nice triangle...
kramer: Ooh, Isosceles. I love the name Isosceles. If I had a kid, I would name him Isosceles. Isosceles Kramer.
kramer: Yeah, the chip-in, defenitely!
kramer: No, no! My car's not running.
kramer: Yeah, we ought to all get a house and live together.
kramer: Why don't you take a handicap spot...
kramer: Oh, come on, they don't drive!
kramer: Have you ever seen a handicapped person pull into a space and park?
kramer: Well they don't. If they could drive, they wouldn't be handicapped.
kramer: I got news for you handicapped people, they don't even want to park there! They wanna be treated just like anybody else! That's why, those spaces are always empty.
kramer: Yeah, go ahead.
kramer: Make sure we don't forget where the car's parked.
kramer: Who would think these people we're gonna be here?
kramer: Let's just take a bus back to the city.
kramer: Why not?
kramer: You'd think...
kramer: Most of them don't even have batteries.
kramer: Yeah...
kramer: No chance in hell!
kramer: Huh?
kramer: Hey. I just came from St. Elizabeth's.
kramer: Well, the handicapped woman? I went to see her.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: I'm in love.
kramer: Yeah, she is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love her Jerry, I really love her. I'm gonna ask her to marry me. She's got everything I've always wanted in another human being. Except for the walking.
kramer: Ah, I'm glad you're here.
kramer: Alright, now, we gotta go out. We gotta buy a wheelchair.
kramer: Well, you know I went to the hospital today, and I saw the woman, you know, and the wheelchair is totalled, we gotta get her another one!
kramer: George, I'm in love with her!
kramer: No! She needs it now!
kramer: Well...
kramer: Alright, alright. Fine George! Don't chip in! But some day, we're gonna be driving along, we're gonna look out the window, and see her crawling along 5th avenue! Is that what you want?
kramer: So now, what's this got?
kramer: But this'll get you around?
kramer: Now what's that?
kramer: Well, is it alright if I try it?
kramer: Oh yeah!
kramer: Well, I gave her the wheelchair! You should have seen the look on her face. And then she told me, that the old wheelchair, that wasn't any good anyway! So you see George, the whole incident was a God blessing! Yeah!
kramer: Yeah....
kramer: It's over!
kramer: Me and Lola....
kramer: Yeah, she dumped me!
kramer: She dumped me! She rolled right over me! Said I was a hipster dufus. Am I a hipster dufus?
kramer: Said I'm not good looking enough for her. Not good looking! Jerry, look at me, look at my face, huh, am I beautiful? George, am I beautiful?
kramer: yeah... she says she doesn't wanna see me again. Told me to drop dead!
kramer: Yeesh-jip!
kramer: Ooh, it's a big one!
kramer: Why don't you park in front of the hydrant?
kramer: What are the chances of that?
kramer: Why can't I play Kramer?
kramer: Neither are you.
kramer: Oh come on Jerry. How hard is it to act. You say something, I'll pretend it's funny.
kramer: Ha ha ha. Your grandmother's in the hospital!
kramer: What you didn't think I was really laughing?
kramer: Let me see you do it.
kramer: Alright. I've never been to Mars but I imagine it's quite lovely.
kramer: Mine was better than that! Come on look. (starts to laugh again, Jerry too)
kramer: (to Jerry) Well at least let me audition.
kramer: (to George) Yeah!
kramer: Oughh!
kramer: (to the phone) Hold on a second I got another call. Hello? Yeah, he'll call you back. (Jerry and George look at each other)
kramer: That's NBC.
kramer: I'm in the middle of a conversation here.
kramer: (to the phone) Look, I'll call you back. (hangs up)
kramer: Russell Dalrimple's secretary.
kramer: That's true.
kramer: (acting very bad) I saw Joe DiMaggio in Dinky Doughnuts again, but this time, I went in. (pause, stops acting) Oh! Uh, where's the bathroom?
kramer: Yeah. Be right back. (Kramer leaves)
kramer: I got mugged.
kramer: Well, I wouldn't have minded it so much but I was running home to go to the bathroom.
kramer: It was full. I tried a few other places, you know, but that didn't work. I mean it was an emergency Jerrry. I was really percolating... So I decided to run home through the park and then these two guys they stopped me and...
kramer: But now I have a big problem, buddy.
kramer: Well, I waited so long I-- I missed my chance.
kramer: No. And now I can't get it back.
kramer: How could you not think about it?
kramer: (mumbles and leaves)
kramer: I like to eat spaghetti with just a fork. Because I can keep the strands long, and I can slurp it out to my mouth. Like this look. (faking to slurp spaghetti) Now sex, I like the bottom. Let them do all the work. You should be writing this stuff down... (waitress comes to take the order) Bran lakes...100%. I got a big problem.
kramer: Yeah, that's good. Oh, now I like to play golf.
kramer: You gotta play him like me. I'm Kramer.
kramer: Whoa, I'm Kramer.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: No. No, nothing. I got no... peristalsis.
kramer: I tried bran-- 40%, 50% 100%. The bran isn't working for me.
kramer: Pfft! Hold it right there. If you're suggesting what I think you're suggesting, you're wasting your time. I am not Jerry, under any circumstances, doing any inserting in that area.
kramer: No. No. I'm gonna stay home. I want to be close to my home base in case there's any news from the front. (he leaves)
kramer: Hey, pistol-packin mama, you swing that gal around, Allemande left with the old gray hag, around and around you go. Yee-ha!!
kramer: Well, thank you.
kramer: Wet and wild.
kramer: Oh, yes.
kramer: Come on Jerry, the commercials almost over.
kramer: Jerry, my house is a pigsty, come on.
kramer: You know what you ought to do George? You should work for Greenpeace. You those people they attack the whalers out on the open sea.
kramer: She was probably joking.
kramer: She didn't have any?
kramer: (raising hand) She faked 'em all.
kramer: Well so she faked 'em, so what?
kramer: You know I heard her screaming from my apartment? She woke me up a few times.
kramer: Yeah I could have helped you out.
kramer: I could have given you some pointers. I know how to press those buttons buddy.
kramer: Aaaaah.
kramer: Giddy-up.
kramer: You know, I faked it.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well you know, if it's enough already and I just wanna get some sleep.
kramer: It's terrible!
kramer: Yeah, of course I got it at Joe's.
kramer: You know what I'm gonna do? (heading for the door) I'm gonna return this.
kramer: Jerry this peach is sub par.
kramer: I want restitution.
kramer: Because it's no good.
kramer: It's still your fruit, you gotta stand behind your fruit.
kramer: So...
kramer: You know this whole place is going vrrrrrrrrrrrrt, downhill. I could have come in here last week with a bad plum but I let it go.
kramer: Oh now you don't want my business.
kramer: But what am I gonna do for fruit?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Hey listen, if I give you money would you go out and get me some fruit?
kramer: Well I got banned from the store I can't go back in there now.
kramer: Well you know, we had a fight over the peach and uh well Joe doesn't want my business.
kramer: Jerry, what am I gonna do for fruit?
kramer: The supermarket? That's impossible! They don't have a decent piece of fruit at the supermarket. The apples are mealy, the oranges are dry. I don't know what's going on with the Papayas! Jerry you gotta go to Joe's, you gotta get me some fruit!
kramer: Alright look I'm gonna make you a fruit list, all right?
kramer: All right now here's the list. (hands Jerry the list)
kramer: I like mangos.
kramer: Well they gotta be soft.
kramer: Not too soft. Better too hard than too soft.
kramer: Yeah now get the ones that are red on the inside.
kramer: Oh! And get some plantains. (grabs the list to write them down)
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: It's part of the banana family. It's a delicacy.
kramer: Yes! Oh look at this, these mangos are beautiful! Oh these are beautiful, (smells them) you did good George.
kramer: This mango is delicious!
kramer: I only got hundreds.
kramer: Come on, come on, we're gonna pay you! Here have some mango.
kramer: Come on, take some. It's good.
kramer: Ya.
kramer: Mmm.
kramer: Ya I told you.
kramer: Want some mango?
kramer: Alright. I'm ready. (To George) You know, I still don't understand - why do you want to move back in with your parents?
kramer: Well, move in here.
kramer: Why doesn't he just move in here?
kramer: You can move in with me, if you want.
kramer: Hello, Mrs. Costanza.
kramer: Well, I gotta bring in more stuff. (Heads for the door)
kramer: Yeah. (Exits)
kramer: Uhh.. no thanks. (Goes back out the door)
kramer: (Enters with a box) Alright, that's it. Anything else?
kramer: Oh, I gotta go move the car. Alright (Leaves)
kramer: Yeah, well, that was a good one.
kramer: You know that, uh, Leslie (Points to her) is in the clothing business? She's a designer.
kramer: In fact, she's come up with a new one that is going to be the big new look in men's fashion.. It's a, a puffy shirt. (Leslie mumbles to Kramer) Well, yeah, it - it's all puffy. Like the pirates used to wear.
kramer: Yeah, see, I think people want to look like pirates. You know, it's the right time for it.. to be all puffy, and devil-may-care..
kramer: (Still laughing) That's true.. (Gets up) I'll be right back. (Walks off laughing. Jerry and Elaine are left with the low-talker. A moment passes)
kramer: Hey. (He's carrying a suit cover. He hangs it on Jerry's coat hooks)
kramer: Hey, George! (Holds out his hand. George shakes it - a hand buzzer goes off. George starts freaking out. Kramer laughs)
kramer: What?!
kramer: (Laughing) But, it's only a toy!
kramer: A hand model?
kramer: (To George) Really? Let me see your hands.
kramer: Let's see.. (studies them) oh, those are nice. You know, I've never noticed this before? They're smooth.. creamy.. delicate, yet (Turns to Jerry) masculine.
kramer: Yeah..
kramer: You're not going to believe what happening with Leslie. You know, ever since you agreed to wear the puffy shirt on the Today show, she's been getting all these orders from boutiques and department stores..
kramer: Agreed to wear the puffy shirt. (Starts unzipping the suit cover)
kramer: When you said that you'd agree to wear the puffy shirt on the Today show. (Takes the ridiculous puffy shirt out of the cover)
kramer: Yea.
kramer: Yeah, yeah.
kramer: When we went to dinner the other night.
kramer: What were you talking about when I went to the bathroom?
kramer: (makes his pop sound) There you go.
kramer: Yes, yes! You said it!
kramer: (Takes it off the hook, and starts walking toward Jerry with it. He backs defensively backs away from it) Well, she asked you.
kramer: Well, you gotta wear it now! All those stores are stocking it based on the condition that you're gonna wear this on the TV show! The factory in New Jersey is already makin' em.
kramer: Yes, yes. This pirate trend that she's come up with, Jerry, this-this is gonna be the new look for the 90's. You're gonna be the first pirate!
kramer: Yeah, come in.
kramer: Giddy-Up. (Stagehand leaves) Jerry! Five minutes!
kramer: Now that's a great looking shirt! (Gets up, admiring the shirt) Aye Captain! (Growls like a pirate) Yeah! I'm glad I ironed it. It's perfect. (Walks around Jerry, inspecting the shirt) Look at it! It's fantastic!
kramer: (Reassuring) Hey, this look's better than anything you own. You know, in two months time, everybody's gonna be wearing the (imitates a pirate) pirate look!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Great.
kramer: It's the puffy shirt. Look at it, eh? Whatd'ya think? Is it cool or what?
kramer: (To Elaine, muffled, low, and threatening) Elaine, you want to stop?
kramer: (Faint, trying to shut George up) Hey..
kramer: Well, I was excited because Jerry was putting on the puffy shirt.
kramer: You know all those stores canceled out on her? She's finished. (Concluding) We're (Leslie and him) finished.
kramer: (Showing pure irony) I just can't be with someone who's life is in complete disarray.
kramer: They gave them all to Goodwill.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Well I got it!
kramer: What do you think?
kramer: Well my buddy works in an appliance store and he got us thirty percent off.
kramer: Good one? It's the Commando 8.
kramer: 12,000 BTU's.
kramer: Yeah, but Amy likes air conditioning.
kramer: Okay, so, I'm gonna measure the window up, okay buddy?
kramer: Yeah. (George enters the apartment wearing goggles) Yeah, rock on!
kramer: You know what you ought to do? Go see my friend Dwayne at J & T Optical on Columbus Avenue. He'll give you thirty percent off.
kramer: Retail is for suckers.
kramer: You just gotta mention my name.
kramer: That's it. (smacks George on the forehead with a ruler)
kramer: The AC is on it's way.
kramer: What?
kramer: Well did you mention my name?
kramer: And?
kramer: Now I don't believe this. That guy owes me big time. I got him off sugar! Look, I'm gonna go down there with you right now.
kramer: Little Snowball? He runs on batteries!
kramer: Look, all you gotta to do, is get Amy and Jeffrey together somewhere, that's it.
kramer: Right this way, mister Doody!
kramer: Hey, Dwayny.
kramer: What is going on here?
kramer: I'm talking about the thirty percent discount.
kramer: Ooh, how quickly we forget. You owe me buddy.
kramer: Remember this?
kramer: Six months ago you were eating four of those for breakfast and chasing it with a ring ding. And two butter fingers on the train. Sounds familiar?
kramer: Remember that night I found you at Dinky Donuts? You were all *hopped* up on cinnamon swirls! They wouldn't serve you anymore! You wouldn't even have any teeth if it wasn't for me taking you over to Joe's fruit stand and stuffin' cantaloupe down your throat! So much for gratitude... yeah, yeah, yeah!
kramer: We'll see you Dwayne.
kramer: Commando 8 has arrived!
kramer: 12.000 BTU's of raw cooling power. (Kramer places the air conditioner in the window) Installed!
kramer: No, just plug it in and the Commando 8 does the rest. (And to Jerry) I'll seal that up later, right?
kramer: Of what?
kramer: Oh that's fatal, you don't want that!
kramer: No, no, it's all right. I had a friend who had rabies once. (George's eating chips) May I have one of those, madam?
kramer: They're ladies' glasses.
kramer: Now look here, see it's right here Gloria Vanderbilt Collection.
kramer: She's got rabies, just like my friend Bob Sacamano. She's delirious. (Elaine drinks some water and drools) She's foaming at the mouth!
kramer: (Singing) Oh myyyy papayaaaa. (The air conditioner wobbles) The air conditioner! (Kramer tries to keep it from falling by holding it's cord, but it snaps) I think it got the dog!
kramer: Sniffing, what do you mean sniffing?
kramer: Jerry, he probably had a cold.
kramer: So, what are you saying?
kramer: Drugs? You think he's on drugs?
kramer: Jerry
kramer: Listen, we went in on a CD together.
kramer: And Newman gave you money too. So, I didn't even meet this guy. You know, we trusted you.
kramer: Well, what else? Was he nervous? Did he use a lot of slang? Did he use the word 'man'?
"kramer: I mean when he was leaving did he say ""I'm splittin'""?"
kramer: Whoh!
kramer: Yes!! Yes, that's what they do! They live in the bathroom! All right, what are we going to do? We are going to get our money back, right?
kramer: (grabbing the sweater) Yeah.
kramer: Anything new with that guy on drugs?
kramer: Then why the sniffing? Who walks around (sniff, sniff) sniffing?
kramer: South America?
kramer: Yyyeeaaah!!
kramer: Well, I say we're going to take our money right now!
kramer: Yeah, he skipped out and *ptruut* went to South America!
kramer: Wait, there is one way to find out. We set up a sting. You know like Abscam. Like Abscam Jerry.
kramer: What's today?
kramer: Really? Feels like Tuesday.
kramer: I feel Tuesday and Wednesday...
kramer: Yeah, maybe we oughta become private detectives...
kramer: Maybe I will.
kramer: Just gonna find out if he's interested.
kramer: All right, I'm going in.
kramer: I'll have a brewsky, Charlie.
kramer: Oh, there's nothing like a cold one after a long day, eh?
kramer: Oh yeah, I've been known to drink a beer or two. But then again, I've been known to do a lot of things. (Waiter opens the counter which hits Kramer on the head) Cigarette?
kramer: I suck'em down like Coca-Cola. Well here's to feeling good all the time. (Kramer drinks the beer and smokes the cigarette at the same time. Barry sniffs) Looks like you've got yourself a little cold there, eh fella?
kramer: Me neither.
kramer: South America?
kramer: Well that's a burgeoning continent.
kramer: Tell me about it.
kramer: I'm hip.
kramer: To the whole scene. (sniff)
kramer: The bathroom scene. (moves his knows as you would if you sniffed)
kramer: What ever turns you on.
kramer: Exclamation point.
kramer: Elaine, he was sniffing like crazy around me.
kramer: Double exclamation point!
kramer: Hey, Ralph.
kramer: Mushrooms, you got mushrooms Jerry?
kramer: What's the matter? You've got a cold?
kramer: It's a sweater.
kramer: I don't know, Jerry gave it to me.
kramer: Jerry, I was wearing it in the bar.
kramer: Not to mention the picture of him on the toilet.
kramer: All right, What about the money?
kramer: 1937, 1937, 1937...
kramer: Uh ya, it's right around the corner there.
kramer: 1937.
kramer: Oh! God, It's a Pig man! A pig man!
kramer: Hey, I just saw a pig man! A pig man! Ya know he was sleeping and then he woke up and he looked up at me an-and he made this horrible sound, this (Quells like a pig).
kramer: I'm talking about the pig man. I went into the wrong room and there he was.
kramer: A pig-man. Half pig, half man!
kramer: A bris? You mean circumcision?
kramer: I would advise against that.
kramer: Ya well, so was uh sacrificing virgins to appease the gods, but we don't do that anymore.
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: They're all looking up.
kramer: Whoa. That's the guy that I told where the elevator was.
kramer: YEA!
kramer: Don't even question my instincts, because my instincts are honed. (REPAPER) Look at that.
kramer: Look look.
kramer: pig-man, baby. pig-man.
kramer: Hey, I'm tellin ya the pig-man is alive. The government has been experimenting with pig-men since the fifties.
kramer: Jerry wake up to reality. It's a military thing. They're probably creating a whole army of pig warriors.
kramer: You know, you should call this off, Elaine. It's a barbaric ritual.
kramer: It's a myth. Besides, it makes sex more pleasurable.
kramer: Oh, don't worry. I'm gonna show you, and you'll never be the same.
"kramer: Believe me, Jerry, somewhere in this hospital the anguished ""oink"" of pig-man cries out for help."
kramer: What?!
kramer: Wait wait George. You got room in the car for the pig-man huh?
kramer: George, if the pig-man had a car, he would give you a ride.
kramer: Be realistic George.
kramer: Yea.
kramer: Excuse me. What happened to the man, that was in this room before?
kramer: You know. (HE PUSHES HIS NOSE UP WITH HIS THUMB).
kramer: (STILL HOLDING HIS NOSE UP ) This doesn't look familiar to you?
kramer: Look, I know what's going on. The oink, oink.
kramer: (TOUGH TALKING) Now listen to me you little quack, There was a half man, half pig in that room over there. Now where is he?! Where is he?!
kramer: You know what I mean - pork, sausage, (A LA PORKY PIG) A-deek-a-deek-a- deek th-th-th-that's all folks.
kramer: He's lying.
kramer: Alright you go ahead.
kramer: We're not talking about a manicure. Imagine, this is going to be his first memory. Of his parents just standing there while some stranger (Does some motions of cutting; Myra sobs more) cutting off a piece of his manhood and then serves a catered lunch.
kramer: Me?
kramer: No, I'm not going to let this happen.
kramer: What about the baby?
kramer: Oh you'll be ok. I'll see you later.
kramer: (off screen) Outta My Way!
kramer: No.
kramer: NO, he's not.. Just a fat little mental patient.
kramer: (Leaving A LA GODFATHER) Don't ever go against the family Jerry.
kramer: Yes
kramer: Hey, hey, it's George.
kramer: And you're saying she's deaf.
kramer: Can't hear a thing.
kramer: And you're going to go out with her.
kramer: Hey I know how to sign.
kramer: Yeah when I was 8, I had a deaf cousin who lived with us for about a year. (signing as he speaks) So I haven't been able to do it in a while.
kramer: Yeah yeah Pete, he can get you great tickets to something.
kramer: Like a rock concert. Whatever you like.
kramer: You got it. Hey Jerry, do me a favor. The next time you see that lineswoman ask her how those ball boys get those jobs. I would love to be able to do that.
kramer: Well there ought to be ball men.
kramer: Yeah, yeah me too. Yeah he was at the snack bar eating a hot fudge sundae. He had it all over his face. He was wearing that chocolate on his face like a beard and they got in there real nice and tight. And he's... (Imitates scooping up ice cream. Elaine and Jerry laugh)
kramer: Hey, Georgie, I saw you on TV yesterday.
kramer: Yeah you were at the snack bar eating a hot fudge sundae.
kramer: Oh, the cameras was, vrooom, there. The announcers, they made a couple of cracks about you.
kramer: That you had ice cream all over your face. They were talking about how funny you looked.
kramer: Well I'll tell you it wasn't a pretty sight.
kramer: It felt like 8 seconds.
kramer: Well she should be the one that shouldn't go.
kramer: Excellent question.
kramer: All right, I'll see you later.
kramer: (while eating a banana) Hey Georgie.
kramer: I may be old, but I'm spry.
kramer: Oh I'll be up for it punk.
kramer: Hey guess who's going to be the new ball man for the finals.
kramer: Yeah. They said they haven't seen anybody go after balls with such gusto.
kramer: -ca.
kramer: She doesn't know what she's talking about.
"kramer: ""Hi Gwen, hi tide."""
kramer: Hi Todd.
"kramer: ""You've got something between your teeth"""
"kramer: No that's what he said. ""That's interesting. I love carrots, but I hate carrot soup. And I hate peas, but I love pea soup."" So do I."
"kramer: ""Why don't you stick around and we can sleep together."""
"kramer: ""You want me to sleep with you?"""
"kramer: He says ""I don't want to sleep alone."" She says, oh boy, ""love to."""
"kramer: ""What? You're crazy."""
"kramer: ""How?"""
"kramer: ""... with a broom, cleaning up."""
"kramer: ""Yes sweep."""
"kramer: George says ""Cut it."""
"kramer: George is saying ""Cut it."""
kramer: What?
kramer: I know how to sign.
kramer: So, there were a lot of people there, huh?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yeah, well, I told you to go in on it.
kramer: Well, I tasted it at the one downtown. It's got a remarkable texture. You'd never know it was non-fat.
kramer: Yeah, but did you tape it?
kramer: Yes!
kramer: Hey!
kramer: (sort of falling backwords) Yowm!
kramer: Well, you're getting heavy.
kramer: Yeah, you look like you put on (holds his hands out) five, (holds his hands wider) ten pounds.
kramer: I'll tell you something else, you're looking a little chunky yourself, buddy.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: I told ya.
kramer: No, no, no. That's hundred percent non-fat.
kramer: Well, maybe it's the Oreos.
kramer: You don't eat Oreos? (acts out eating Oreos) The way you break them open? You're (does a bunch of licking motions) ~ practically having sex with them.
kramer: You? You're getting old.
kramer: Oh, guess again, Tubby!
kramer: What?
kramer: Hey, I'll tell you what, Chubs, if that yogurt has fat in it, I will put myself on an all-yogurt diet for a week.
kramer: NNNN-Giddy-up!
kramer: Well, you can't have this tested now. It's melting.
kramer: It changes the molecules.
kramer: Hey, fatso! I got a 90 in biology.
kramer: Hello, there.
kramer: Ooh! Test tubes. Cool!
kramer: Well, the pleasure's all mine.
kramer: Why not?
kramer: I'm not taking her out just to influence the results.
kramer: Where's the lights. Whoa!
kramer: Yeah! Bunsen burner. (runs his fingers through the flame) oo ya ya.
kramer: Yaow.
kramer: You want a taste? It's Cappuccino.
kramer: I hear you.
kramer: Well, you tell me. Is the verdict in yet?
kramer: Well, this is in case there's a tie!
kramer: Hey! So, hear anything on the yogurt?
kramer: Well, I wouldn't get your hopes up.
kramer: No reason. Oh, did you hear about that Dinkins?
kramer: You didn't hear?
kramer: He's proposing a plan where everyone in the city should wear name tags.
"kramer: Yeah! So people can go around saying ""hello"" to one another."
kramer: He's become the laughing stock! You know The Times has already stated it could cost him the election. (laughing) Name tags!
kramer: Yeow!
kramer: Huh, Okay.
kramer: Mine, too. I got one more day.
kramer: Yeah, me, too.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Haircut.
kramer: I'm very happy with this.
kramer: Oh course. I wouldn't let that other butcher cut my hair.
kramer: The uncle Enzo. That's the guy Jerry uses.
kramer: You can get a good one today. It's Enzo's day off. Gino's there all by himself.
kramer: What bachelor auction?
kramer: And you didn't ask me to do it? I could raise enough money to cure polio.
kramer: Polio?
kramer: What are you all dressed up for?
kramer: Yeah. How'd it go?
kramer: No way my Gino did that. It's an Enzo.
kramer: So what?
kramer: His feelings? You can't continue seeing him. You're destroying yourself.
kramer: I'm not going to let you. If you don't call him I will.
kramer: I'm going to call Gino, you're going to see him, and we're going to get that haircut fixed up.
kramer: All right, geez. You're crazy.
kramer: It the worst haircut Jerry's ever had. You gotta fix it.
kramer: Yeah yeah yeah.
kramer: I'd like to have shoehorn hands.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Okay listen to me. I talked to Gino, he's going to fix the haircut.
kramer: No buts. His apartment tonight, Eight o'clock.
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: Yeah. Slow, gentle, attentive.
kramer: I told you he could do it.
kramer: Yeah, so?
kramer: No. He doesn't know.
kramer: Listen you're just imagining things. He doesn't know a thing. Now come on. Pull yourself together.
kramer: What are you kidding? Look at him. He's grotesque.
kramer: Do I think? He's repugnant.
kramer: Whatever it takes.
kramer: Equivalency.
kramer: (on the phone in Jerry's apartment) So when are you gonna be able to go out?
kramer: You know why Rifkin was a serial killer? Because he was adopted. (saying it as he's taking a lot of paper towels from Jerry's roll; Elaine and Jerry are confused at Kramer's statement) Just like Son of Sam was adopted. So apparently adoption leads to serial killing. (Kramer leaves and we don't know why he needed so much paper towels)
kramer: I'll go.
kramer: Yeah! Ooh! (leaves again)
kramer: Hey! I am looser than creamed corn!
kramer: You don't know what you're missing buddy.
kramer: (Kramer is talking much more slowly and smoother than usual) First she sets the mood perfectly with this new age music played over ocean sounds. Then she lays you out on this table, and she proceeds to rub oil over your entire body. And she rubs long... and deep... Jerry, she rubs with love. (Jerry is obviously cutting much harder than the cheese needs it as he listens to Kramer) Every muscles she touches just... (long pause) ooo-zz-es. Beneath those silky, soft fingers, you can scarcely contain yourself, buddy. (Jerry slams down the knife and goes to the couch)
kramer: Oh... yeah...
kramer: Very... much...
kramer: What! (Kramer is back to his usual way of speaking)
kramer: Wha--
kramer: Why?!
kramer: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I need my massages! Can't you see I'm burned out!
kramer: Why? Why? Look, I paid for her. (Jerry stops walking)
kramer: But why?
kramer: Ah!!! Yahh!!!
kramer: (to the ticket man) Uh, yeah, a ticket for Kramer.
kramer: Oh, yeah. (snaps fingers) You know, I forgot my wallet.
kramer: Are you kidding me?
kramer: Come on, just look at me. Tell me I'm not Kramer.
kramer: Look, I'll drive out here tomorrow and I'll show the I.D. I got nothing to do all day.
kramer: Where's a phone?
kramer: Oh, God.
kramer: Jerry, I need another massage!
kramer: Because of the Giant game! I told you, It went overtime! You know what those seats are like. They're very unforgiving.
kramer: And then the game-winning field goal went over the net and into the crowd and I dove over three rows! My back, it's killing me! (whining) It's killing me Jerry!
kramer: Oh I got the ball.
kramer: Well, It's quite a thrill.
kramer: Because nobody does it like she does. She's the best.
kramer: What about my massage?
kramer: Egh. These aren't candies.
kramer: Well I'm a guest.
kramer: What, this is a party?
kramer: Whoah boy. There's always one at every party, huh?
kramer: Hey, hey, hey, hey. You know what would make a great coffee table book? A coffee table book about coffee tables! Get it?
kramer: Alright, we'll take the subway.
kramer: Like a history of coffee tables, celebrities and their coffee tables. It's a natural. This is a story that must be told.
kramer: So, you're gonna talk to your boss about it, huh?
kramer: (claps hands) Yes indeed.
kramer: Oh, Queensboro Plaza. (reties his shoelaces) This stop is famous for its gyros, you want one?
kramer: Well, they got a stand right out on the platform. Gyros are cooked, and wrapped, and ready to go. (he pulls money from his pocket) Three dollars, no change. You want one?
kramer: Alright, but no bites.
kramer: (yells) Elaine!
kramer: I came by to get my ball.
kramer: Oh, yeah, thanks. (gets ball) Yeah, it's got the magic grip. How d'you think I bowled that two-twenty today, huh? (sees Indian) Yo! Where did this come from?
kramer: (unbelieving) I can have this?!
kramer: Oh. I'll lug.
kramer: (yells) Hey Jerry! (thumps cab door with his palm) Look what I got! (begins doing war-whoops)
kramer: Yeah uh, Elaine uh, what'd he say?
kramer: Your boss. Didn't you tell him about the coffee table book?
kramer: Yeah, you didn't tell him didya?
kramer: (simultaneous) Wait a minute, on the cover I'm...
kramer: Yeah, right, right, and on the cover is a built-in coaster. (clicks tongue) Alright, well I'm gonna go.
kramer: Well, I'm gonna go to the cigar stores. I'm gonna see if I can sell that Indian.
kramer: You know, I think it's worth something. It's kitschy. (tongue click)
kramer: I don't understand. How can you have a cigar store, without an Indian? It's unseemly.
kramer: Forget it.
kramer: Oh yeah, yeah.
kramer: Giddyup.
kramer: Pendant Publishing? Giddyup again.
kramer: Yeah, hi Elaine.
kramer: Ah, well, it's a business transaction.
kramer: Yeah, I'm sure it's all here. (puts in in his pocket) You know I was just admiring your coffee table, out there in the hall.
kramer: You mind if I use it in my book?
kramer: Well, I'm doing a coffee table book on coffee tables.
kramer: Uh huh.
kramer: Well, I'm still shopping it around.
kramer: Fungus.
kramer: I would. I always open medicine cabinets.
kramer: Big mistake.
kramer: Fungi.
kramer: Fungi.
kramer: Oh yeah, Im here to pick up my friend George Costanza.
kramer: Oh yeah.
kramer: Oh. Kramer. Pleasure.
kramer: Sister Roberta gave it to me.
kramer: I think she liked me.
kramer: Liked me.
kramer: No. I think I picked up on a vibe.
kramer: Yeah, Jerry Im telling you I have this power. And I have no control over it.
kramer: Oh, that's my phone.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: I told you.
kramer: I told you she liked me.
kramer: Sister Roberta.
kramer: She told me. She said shes never had a man stir up all of these feelings inside of her. Shes questioning her faith. Shes thinking of leaving the church.
kramer: Oh, uh, this power. Im dangerous Jerry, Im very very dangerous.
kramer: (rushed) Yea, Hey. (Kramer enters.) Um, you wanted to see me Father?
kramer: I know what this is about Father. I didnt do anything. I just spoke to her innocently for just a few minutes. Its just that, that I have this power.
kramer: Kavorka?
kramer: I dont understand.
kramer: Help me Father. Help me.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Ive got the Kavorka Jerry.
kramer: The lure of the animal. Im dangerous.
kramer: The priests theyre helping me. I just bathed in vinegar.
kramer: Keep away Jerry. Keep away.
kramer: How you doing?
kramer: Yes, Yes. It worked. Sister Roberta Ive still got time to catch her.
kramer: You dont?
kramer: Yeah yeah.
kramer: hey
kramer: hey guy, can I use your phone in your bedroom?
kramer: huh.. my batteries are dead
kramer: look come on, let me use it, 5 minutes, I'll pay you back huh?
kramer: oh... (goes to the bedroom)
kramer: (on the phone) what about the driver? we could get an accident
kramer: oh that wouldn't be very good
kramer: Jerry, I'm telling you, this phone sex thing is hilarious, like this woman Erika, here look (showing the ad in the newspaper). You gotta call her, the voice she uses..
kramer: hey, you're hungry? Monk's?
kramer: hey
kramer: maana I'm doing nada
kramer: Na, I am down
kramer: hey
kramer: what?
kramer: he asked me
kramer: you know I think you are in love with him
kramer: no no no, I don't think so. You love him
kramer: hello
kramer: who?
kramer: well she says Jane
kramer: well that voice, it's very familiar.. throaty, almost flinty
kramer: yeah yeah, (in a flinty voice) flinty
kramer: (singing) yodel lay hee hoo! yodel lay hee hoo! hello! (Kramer jumps around George from one side to an other)
kramer: hey George, hear that?
kramer: let go, hey grab the rock
kramer: the rock
kramer: you gotta relax.. try the yodel (chanting) yodel lay hee hoo
kramer: (chanting) yodel lay hee hoo
kramer: yeah!
kramer: alright.. George you got it? (gives him the rope)
kramer: what?
kramer: alright, who's gonna tell her
kramer: it was your fault
kramer: for a little while
kramer: uh..
kramer: whoa whoa ginga, you were supposed to tie the knot
kramer: well it all depends on what you mean by.. happen
kramer: yeah
kramer: rock
kramer: it was a big rock
kramer: yeah I sang 99 bottles of beer on the wall
kramer: hey
kramer: well hello Jane
kramer: (very quickly) oh I don't think so, no we never met, I never talked to you before on the phone, alright I'll see you later buddy
kramer: uptown, to the Y
kramer: what about the driver?
kramer: that's her
kramer: Erika, she's Erika
kramer: Jerry, that voice is tattooed on my brain, I'm telling you it's her
kramer: Am I? Or am I so sane that you just blew your mind?
kramer: iIs it? Or is it so possible your heard is spinning like a top?
kramer: Can't it? Or is your entire world just crashing down all around you?
kramer: yeaaaaah!
kramer: what? hey (walks by Jerry and Elaine's table) it's all set
kramer: Erika is gonna meet me here, now we're gonna find out the truth
kramer: I don't know, we have a certain chemistry
kramer: All right, let's go. Who's driving? (claps his hands and rubs them together)
kramer: Uh huh.
kramer: (low tone)Yeahhehehehe
kramer: (low tone) All right, yeah.
kramer: Ooooh I like Ring Dings.
kramer: HEY YOUR LIGHTS ARE ON! (shouting out the window)
kramer: (low tone) All right.
kramer: Okay, so we're going to get the wine and we'll pick you up here in ten minutes.
kramer: All right
kramer: (exhales) Well, I'm not finding a spot here. What do you want to do?
kramer: No, no.
kramer: I'll get a ticket! Besides, what if somebody wants to get out of here?
kramer: That's a fallacy.
kramer: Why don't YOU go into the store and I'LL wait in the car?
kramer: So what I'm going to leave the car running and the heat 'll be on.
kramer: No.
kramer: I see.
kramer: Ooo, What do you say we get a Mouton Cadet?
kramer: Well its a Bordeaux. Robust, bold, very dry. As opposed to a Beaujolais -- which is richer and fruitier. Ahh, here's one. Twelve dollars.
kramer: All right look, I am going to have to pay you back later. I don't have my wallet.
kramer: Because I don't like to carry my wallet. My Osteopath says that it's bad for my spine. It throws my hips off kilter. (makes a motion with his hips)
kramer: I never take it.
kramer: Oh, I get by.
kramer: Yeuu.
kramer: Wait a second. I can get change.
kramer: Hey, anybody got change for a hundred?
kramer: What?
kramer: Alright, Let's go but something. Then we'll get some change.
kramer: George, there's a news stand right over there. Now come on.
kramer: Just get some gum or something.
kramer: Here, get a newspaper. (Kramer hands George a Newspaper)
kramer: Clark Bar. (Kramer starts tearing the candy wrapper open with his teeth.)
kramer: Here, George, get a Penthouse Forum.
kramer: Why? No, thatll make great dinner party conversation. We'll read the letters at the dinner table.
kramer: Come on, did you ever read one of these?
kramer: Ohh, it's real.
kramer: All right, all right.
kramer: You better be careful with that thing... You'll start a war.
"kramer: (reading from the Penthouse Forum) ""I know this is going to sound like a crazy fantasy but every word of this story is true"" (exits to street) "" A few weeks ago my girlfriend happened to mention to me how attractive she thought our new neighbor Linda was"""
kramer: Ahh.
"kramer: ""well of course I noticed it too with those cannibal breasts and pouty lips. I don't have to tell you she was a knock out."" (turns the page)"
kramer: No, no I can't comprehend it?
kramer: Well yeah, yeah. He could build the rocket, but-but he's still stupid for double-parking and blocking somebody in.
kramer: Yeah, on one hand he's smart with rockets and on the other hand he's dumb with parking. . . . It's cold out here huh?
kramer: How about Idi Amin, huh?
kramer: Are those shoes comfortable?
kramer: Cause they look comfortable.
kramer: HEY DOUBLE-PARKER! (honk, honk) SHOW YOURSELF. (honk, honk) COME ON OUT, IM FREEZING! (honk, honk)
kramer: Why?
kramer: What about her?
kramer: You're scared of Elaine?
kramer: Why?
kramer: Hey, let's go inside the liquor store. Im freezin in here.
kramer: Because I wanted to look good for the party.
kramer: (shivering) I don't know.
kramer: (shivering gibberish) Waj cha jia ja
kramer: (shivering) Hypothermia.
kramer: (shivering) You know I'm freezin. Im definitely freezin. I can't stop shaking.
kramer: (quietly) L-l (look)
kramer: (singing) Johnny Yuma was a rebel, Yeah! ...
kramer: Are you all right?
kramer: Unh.... Sorry.
kramer: Yeah. Oh, here, wait wait (walks a few steps to catch up to her as she stops) Ah, maybe you could ah, use this (he searches through his jacket) Ah, here, it's a electronic organizer...
kramer: Ah, Yeah. uh...
kramer: Yeah, here it is... yeah.
kramer: You know, for phone numbers, addresses, keep appointments, everything.
kramer: It's got an alarm that beeps!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: No no no. I got all my appointments up here. (he points to his head)
kramer: Well, the bank, I opened up a new account.
kramer: (overly excited) Hey (Claps hands one time)
kramer: (still overly excited) Who wants to have some fun!
kramer: (once again, overly excited) Now are you just sayin' you want to have fun or do you reallllly want to have fun?!
kramer: Right now there six-hundred Titleists that I got from the driving range in the trunk of my car. Why don't we drive out to Rock-a-Way and hit `em-----------(very over excited) into the ocean! Now picture this.... we find a nice sweet spot between the dunes, we take out our drivers, we tee up and (he makes a golf stroke), that ball goes sailing up into the sky holds there for a moment and then....... ..... gulp!
kramer: Yeah! (Kramer takes a huge imaginary swing)
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Hey ya want these (He throws down the golf clubs -- kicks the bag hard) I don't want em!
kramer: I stink! I can't play! The ball is just sitting there, Jerry, and I can't hit it! I only hit one really good ball that went way out there!
kramer: I have no concentration!
kramer: Sand, I can get rid of the sand. (he sits at the table, looking down his shirt) Look theres still some in here, it won't go away! Look I even got sand in the pockets!
kramer: Wha-- Oh, hey.
kramer: Oh, you liked it huh.
kramer: Oh. (continuing to itch and scratch from the sand)
kramer: The sand, it's everywhere! (blows on his arm)
kramer: Yei-
kramer: Well come on George, finish the story.
kramer: Well then, what did you do next?
kramer: What is that a Titleist?
kramer: A hole in one eh.
kramer: (quietly) Um-hm.
kramer: (to George) What's with you?
kramer: Yep.
kramer: Hey! Elaine. Go Like this. (imitating a mannequin posture)
kramer: Do it. Do it. This.
kramer: Oh yeah! It's you!
kramer: (to the gang) There's a clothing store downtown. They got a mannequin in there that looks exactly like Elaine.
kramer: It's uncanny! It's like they chopped off your arms and legs, dipped you in plastic, and screwed you back all together again, and stuck you on a pedestal. It's really quite exquisite.
kramer: Rinitze. (he takes Jerry's spatula and starts rubbing his back with it) Oh yeah...
kramer: It's this itch. I was watching TV without my shirt on, and one my couch cushions didn't have any fabric on it.
kramer: Real Boss!
kramer: (leaving too, with the spatula) Are you gonna need this?
kramer: Well, how did they get your face?
kramer: Hey, Elaine scratch my back.
kramer: Come on, one lap around.
kramer: It will be a funky adventure.
kramer: Jerry, how about you?
kramer: I'm going home to spatula. (picks up the check and walks to the cashier)
kramer: Madam, I pray you're not toying with me. (Olive shows her long finger nails) Whoa.
kramer: Oh, all right. (Olive scratches, Kramer enjoys, Elaine and Jerry watch.)
kramer: Hey. These are for you Olive.
kramer: Ohh!
kramer: Well, I'm not gonna need this anymore. I got Olive. (Jerry throws out the spatula)
kramer: Yeah. My lady friend down at Monks.
kramer: You guys ought to see the way she works her nails across my back. Ohh! She's a maestro. The crisscross. The figure eight, strummin' the ol' banjo, and this wild, savage free-for-all where anything can happen.
kramer: Is that Elaine mannequin still there?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Hey Jerry, I saw your girlfriend was in here before.
kramer: Yep. Sat down, had herself a piece of pie.
kramer: What else?
kramer: What am I supposed to say?
kramer: I lost it two days ago. I've been faking it so I wouldn't hurt her feelings.
kramer: I'll let her down easy. All right. (he gets up and walks to Olive) Well, hi Olive. (she reaches for Kramer's back) No, no. No more of that. There's something I have to tell you.
kramer: Uh, well, there's someone else.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, yeah...
kramer: Her. (he points to the Elaine mannequin in Jerry's car)
kramer: Yeah, there she is. That's my gal.
kramer: Now Olive, look, I'm sorry.
kramer: Well, it's the style. (turns back to Jerry) Jerry give me the keys. (Jerry throws his keys to Kramer) Well, I guess we're gonna go for a drive now. She really loves that.
kramer: Hey!
kramer: What's doing?
kramer: Same old, same old.
kramer: Ya, Mickey. He hooked me up. We're stand-ins for the actors on 'All My Children.' Mickey, he's a stand-in for an eight year old kid and I stand in for the kids father.
kramer: (to Mickey) I told you, you should offer him some cigarettes.
kramer: (to Mickey) What about lifts?
kramer: Easy Mickey, easy.
kramer: Alright we gotta get back to the show. What are you guys doing?
kramer: (on his way to the door) Oh, oh well say hello for me.
kramer: Now look, we're going to stop at the shoe maker right now. You gotta get some lifts for your shoes.
kramer: You wanna keep your job don't you?
kramer: YAH! No Buts
kramer: (with his hand in Mickey's face) YAAAAAH!
kramer: Yo
kramer: (taps the Father on the shoulder) That's good work.
kramer: (trying to act like the guy playing the Father) I'm not really going away, I told you I'd be back every other weekend.
kramer: Now listen Porter, you know your mother and I love you very much. But sometimes people fall out of love. Now give me a big hug.
kramer: How do those lifts feel?
kramer: Ya.
kramer: Ooo she likes you buddy (they to a high five hand shake)
kramer: What?
kramer: Did you tell him the Packyderm story?
kramer: Maybe I outta go over there.
kramer: I'm very good with sick people. They love me. When my friend Len Nicodemo had the gout, I moved into his hospital room for three days, the doctors were amazed at his recovery.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: YAOH!
kramer: Hey, nobody put a gun to your head.
kramer: Who you calling big ape? (pushes Mickey back)
kramer: (pacing back and forth) Ya.
kramer: No no it's alright, it's alright. You're stressed Oout!
kramer: (whistles) What's he like huh?
kramer: Ya?
kramer: Hey. (to Elaine) Hey how was your date with Phil Titola?
kramer: Maybe uh, it needed some air. You know sometimes they need air, they can't breathe in there. It's in human.
kramer: I thought paper covered rock?
kramer: What beats rock?
kramer: Alright come on.
kramer: Rock.
kramer: Rock.
kramer: (stops Mickey) Alright, come on.
kramer: Rock.
kramer: What?
kramer: Mickey!
kramer: We just got back from breakfast. The pancakes were dynamite.
kramer: Got to.
kramer: Really? 25% off? Do I get that, too?
kramer: Why, why? Why does she get it?
"kramer: ""My wife has an inner ear infection."""
kramer: I like that! Hey look, will you do me a favor? Will you take my quilt into the cleaners for me, so I can get the discount too?
kramer: C'mon, just this one time! It's expensive!
kramer: Hey. Hey Elaine, what do you say if neither of us is married in ten years, we get hitched?
kramer: We're engaged! Alright, I'm gonna get my quilt. (Kramer leaves.)
kramer: I take baths.
kramer: Got any coffee?
kramer: My quilt is still at the cleaners. Jerry, I can't sleep without my quilt. Like the other night? I was cold. So, last night, I turn up the heat - it's too hot. I open up a window - it's too cold. (Frantic) I can't get into a zone!
kramer: Huh?
kramer: Oh, I forgot. (Hands back Jerry's can opener.)
kramer: Jerry, I think that quilt is ready.
kramer: Well, you gotta pick it up for me!
kramer: I'm so tired!
kramer: Huh? I don't?
kramer: Pale? Oh my God...I gotta meet Anna's parents today! (The phone rings.)
kramer: Not ready? It has to be ready! What kind of a business are you running here?
kramer: Alright, I'm gonna see you later.
kramer: I gotta meet Anna's parents today, remember? I look terrible! I'm gonna hit the tanning machines.
kramer: Hey, that's how I maintain my glow.
kramer: Ya.
kramer: Oh hey, Helen uh, Could I uh, use some more of your hand lotion?
kramer: (putting on the lotion) Ya
kramer: Mmm (smelling the lotion as he rubs it in) I'm gonna remember that if I'm ever in Florida.
kramer: Ya
kramer: Well uh that doesn't surprise me, ya i bought these at Rudy's. It's a used clothing store. See when people like you die, the widows they bring in their wardrobes, they make a bundle.
kramer: Ya if they're vintage, and you're a widow.
kramer: Well I suppose the children do.
kramer: (takes another smell of his hands) Alright I gotta a ten o'clock, I'll see everybody later.
kramer: You must be Aaron, I've heard about you.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: So uh what are you guys doing for dinner?
kramer: Now what is Executive?
kramer: Yea these are a hot item over at Rudy's.
kramer: Get 'em up here. You give me twenty-five percent I-I'll take care of everything.
kramer: Yaaaa.
kramer: So how'd you come up with the idea for the belt-less trench coat?
kramer: How serendipitous.
kramer: Mmm
kramer: Did you call Jack Klompus yet?
kramer: Hey, George what are you doing here?
kramer: Oh, I gotcha (clicks)
kramer: Oh hey guess what. Morty Seinfeld and I are going into business together, selling raincoats.
kramer: Yea we worked it out all over dinner last night.
kramer: Ya.
kramer: Yea, last night.
kramer: No it was a spur of the moment. Well you know Morty likes to fly by the seat of his vintage pants.
kramer: Oooo, boy I've never seen these before (looking at the clothes George just sold Rudy)
kramer: Oh I'll take these.
kramer: Hey, remember this raincoat that you sold me?
kramer: Ya, you have any others?
kramer: Suppose I told you I had fifty in mint condition, would you be interested?
kramer: Cuz they're coming in from Florida as we speak.
kramer: So you'll buy them?
kramer: So Klompus has the key, but the jerk couldn't open it up. All you gotta do it jiggle it (has is hand out jiggling) jus get it in there (jiggling making a bunch of noises) jigg jigg jiggle reiggle
kramer: Hey what again?
kramer: Paella, ya I'll be there.
kramer: No no you know we're not partners. I only get twenty-five percent.
kramer: Yap I know.
kramer: That's right
kramer: You're right he's ripping me off
kramer: He's ripping me off
kramer: YAH! (exits)
kramer: I've been thinking about something.
kramer: Ahh! I don't think the deal is fair.
kramer: No no, I found the place, I set the whole thing up, I'm doing all the leg work.
kramer: Oh, there's leg work.
kramer: Too much?!
kramer: Look I want thirty-five percent.
kramer: No way I'm taking fifteen.
kramer: Alright let's compromise. Twenty-five percent.
kramer: (from outside) Hello?
kramer: (still outside) Helowwwowwow (Estelle opens the door) Hey (kisses Estelle hello) Ha ha, Good evening (George waves)
kramer: Ooo Paella
kramer: (giving George his coat) Oh ya thanks buddy.
kramer: Wha?
kramer: (trying to get away) woah
kramer: (laughs as Frank ends up tickling him; gets away) I bought it from Rudy.
kramer: Yaya
kramer: Oh, well, thank you.
kramer: Well Rudy's the guy buying Morty's raincoats.
kramer: Well, the whole deal going down tomorrow. Morty's gonna miss his plane for it.
kramer: Yea.
kramer: Well I suppose they are wasted.
kramer: A mouse!
kramer: Oh, you should have gone to the Costanzas' for dinner. Mmm the Paella was magnificent. Have you ever had really good Paella?
kramer: Oh it's a orgiastic feast for the senses. The want and the festival, the sites, sounds, and colors an mmmummumm mumm
kramer: So how much are we gonna make?
kramer: Wha two thousand? Three thousand?
kramer: More? More than three thousand?
kramer: Hey, Frank!
kramer: I thought we had a deal?
kramer: (laughing) I'm all ticklish. (a moth flies out of his shirt; they all look at it)
kramer: It was there!
kramer: Hey, how about if the book came with these little fold-out legs...so the book itself becomes a coffee table?
kramer: Danke schoen, my little dumplings.
kramer: Ooh, she's a package full of energy!
kramer: Yeah, and that something is life. Jerry, you gotta meet this gal - she's brimmin' with positivity!
kramer: Great, I'm gonna bring Toby.
kramer: Oh, she's a great laugher - right, Elaine?
kramer: Is that the waitress from the comedy club?
kramer: Oh.
kramer: She's got a kid?
kramer: Hey, Jerry.
kramer: Well here's Toby, (points to Jerry in order to introduce him to Toby) Jerry.
kramer: What about me?
kramer: Alright, so you have a good show, huh buddy?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Look, she didn't mean anything.
kramer: She's just being enthusiastic, that's all!
kramer: Hey, what's going on?
kramer: What's happenin' here?
kramer: (going after Toby) Toby! Toby!
kramer: (voice; yelling) Toby! (Shot of a shocked Kramer is shown) Oh, Oh!
kramer: What did you go up there to heckle her for?
kramer: Oh, YEAH! You gave her a taste of medicine, alright.
kramer: Well, after he heckled Toby, she got so upset, she ran out of the building and a street sweeper ran over her foot and severed her pinky toe.
kramer: Yeah! Then after the ambulance left, I found the toe! So I put it in a Cracker Jack box, filled it with ice, and took off for the hospital.
"kramer: No, I jumped on the bus. I told the driver, ""I got a toe here, buddy - step on it."""
"kramer: Yeah, yeah, then all of a sudden, this guy pulls out a gun. Well, I knew any delay is gonna cost her her pinky toe, so I got out of the seat and I started walking towards him. He says, ""Where do you think you're going, Cracker Jack?"" I said, ""Well, I got a little prize for ya, buddy - "" (Kramer throws two quick punches and a massive uppercut) - knocked him out cold!"
kramer: Then everybody is screamin,' because the driver, he's passed out from all the commotion...the bus is out of control! So, I grab him by the collar, I take him out of the seat, I get behind the wheel and now I'm drivin' the bus.
kramer: Yeah. Yeah, I am Batman. Then the mugger, he comes to, and he starts chokin' me! So I'm fightin' him off with one hand and I kept drivin' the bus with the other, y'know? Then I managed to open up the door, and I kicked him out the door you know with my foot, you know - at the next stop.
kramer: Well, people kept ringin' the bell!
kramer: Well! I am happy to say that the little guy is back in place at the end of the line.
kramer: Well, it's a valuable appendage.
kramer: Yeah, and you know what she told me? She said her first order of business is to put my coffee table book into the bookstores as soon as possible.
kramer: You know, throughout this whole thing, she always kept a smile on her face.
kramer: All right, get off at the next exit.
kramer: It's a great house, pool, sun deck? Yeah, I'll be there.
kramer: Hey Jerry, you ever wear silk underwear?
kramer: Put that on the top of your list.
kramer: What's that?
kramer: Hey Jerry. Rub some lotion on my back.
kramer: Come on, I'll rub some on yours.
kramer: No. (George leaves for the tomatoes)
kramer: I'm gonna go see if there are any girls on the beach. Elaine, you wanna come?
kramer: Yo yo ma.
kramer: We're gonna be right there.
kramer: Maybe she's trying to create a buzz.
kramer: You know, get some good word of mouth goin'.
kramer: Deh-deh-deh-deh- (Jane exits) All right, show's over. I'm goin' to the beach.
kramer: Oooh, lobsters.
kramer: Hey, hey, hey! Look at what I got!
kramer: Yeah, and they're fresh! Right out of the ocean.
kramer: I know, it's great. And I saw Jane topless. (Jerry shows that 'damn' expression behind George)
kramer: Yeah, I saw Jane topless. Well, we all saw her.
kramer: I guess she was hot.
kramer: No, no, she got up, she walked around...
kramer: Of course. She's got a great body, buddy. All right, I'm gonna go upstairs, I'll be right back.
kramer: Rachel, aren't you gonna have any?
kramer: You mean you've never tasted lobster?
kramer: Wow. You're so pious. I really respect that. You know when you die, you're gonna get some special attention.
kramer: No, I got 'em in the ocean.
kramer: Well, I found this rope and I kept tugging on it, and all these lobsters came up.
kramer: Take it easy. There's plenty of lobsters in the ocean for everyone.
kramer: Ahhh! (Shocked after seeing the baby)
kramer: You looking for this? (Holding up lobster)
kramer: Well, I thought you might wind up around here.
kramer: No I'm afraid I couldn't do that.
kramer: Well, that wouldn't be kosher.
kramer: Nah, I'm sorry, honey. Not on my watch.
kramer: Heyahhh!
kramer: Ya I didn't know you could cook.
kramer: Well I knew you'd regret it for the rest of your life.
kramer: Wonder what's goin' on.
kramer: Hey. Buddy, it's all happening!
kramer: The coffee table book. It's a go-oo!
kramer: You know what this means? I'm starting the book tour. First stop  Regis and Kathy Lee.
kramer: Oh, you better believe it!
kramer: No, no, no.
kramer: Well, coffee tables.
kramer: You know who you are? Even Steven
kramer: Yeah, well, ah, I'll tell you, uh Regis... actually, this is a true story. I umm I was skiing at the time.
kramer: Yeah, well, now you kids don't go out and try that. You stay in school!
kramer: You see the beauty of my book is, if you don't have a coffee table, it turns into a coffee table.
kramer: That's true. That's right.
kramer: Oh, it's on file, right here. (points to his head)
kramer: Hey boss.
kramer: How're you doin' there, big guy? (Puts his arm around the tobacco store Indian)
kramer: Al-righty (sits down) Have you got yourself a cold?
kramer: Woah, that's quite a honk!
kramer: Get yourself some vitamin C with rose hips and bioflavenoids.
kramer: Ya that was pretty good, huh?
kramer: Because of the coffee thing?
"kramer: What about ""Sonia Live""? Now you're not cancelling ""Sonia Live""?"
kramer: She's a doctor, I got a thing for her.
kramer: Oh, it's true.
kramer: Yeah, you knew he had a cold. How'd you expect him to blow his nose? YEA!
kramer: Wait, wait, wait, that's too much. Mine was more than yours.
kramer: Nothin.'
kramer: What state?
kramer: They're never in contention.
kramer: Because I've seen every Miss America pageant since I was six.
kramer: Giddy-up!
kramer: No way!
kramer: Look, if you think I'm just going to step aside and do nothing while you defile this woman, you're crazy.
kramer: That's right, because I'm going to see it doesn't happen. Look, Jerry, these girls are Miss America contestants. It's every little girl's dream. And I'm not going to let you trample that dream and make a mockery of everything the pageant stands for.
kramer: Now, if you want to go out and have some good, wholesome fun with a nice girl, I'd be glad to help you out...if you're looking for something more than that, you've got the wrong guy, buddy! (Jerry tries to get a word in during this entire speech, but Kramer won't budge an inch.)
kramer: If you were Miss America, what would you do to make the world a better place?
kramer: This is important stuff! She's got to be able to answer these questions. She's not going to have time to think, out there, with millions of people watching her. Any hesitation could cost her the crown. You know, poise counts.
kramer: Oh yeah, like last year? Miss Texas? Now, she should have won easily, but she lost points in the swimsuit competition.
kramer: Tape her breasts together. (Jerry is shocked.)
kramer: Well, take you for example. Now, you're very attractive, but you got a big waist.
kramer: Well, I'd recommend a waist cincher.
kramer: Oh, yeah. Just - thip! - suck you in.
kramer: So, what's your talent?
kramer: Mmm. I'm thinking of a number from one to ten.
kramer: No, five. But you were close.
kramer: How's your evening?
kramer: Stop right there.
kramer: Disaster.
kramer: Well, you got brown eyes. You want to wear a green dress.
kramer: Okay. But if I'm going to do this, we play by my rules or we don't play at all.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh, come on.
kramer: Oh, you're poo-pooing!
kramer: Well, let me tell you something. I'm taking this kid to the top. To the top, Jerry! We're going for the crown, and you can't stop her!
kramer: You can't stop her, Jerry! Oh, I've seen 'em come and go, but this kid has got something! (Turns to leave.)
kramer: No. Alright, watch me now. (Karen sits on the bed. Kramer walks across the room like a Miss America contestant with a big smile on his face.) Turn, back, head up, shoulders back...posture. You see? Posture.
kramer: Let's try a few more questions, alright? (Karen stands up.) If you were Miss America, and the U.S. was on the brink of a nuclear war, and the only way the conflict could be averted was if you agreed to sleep with the enemy's leader, what would you do?
kramer: Yes, they're important! If you stumble, if you hesitate, you can kiss the crown goodbye. Now if I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times - poise counts! It's just as important as the others. Swimsuit! Evening wear! Talent! POISE!
kramer: What is it?
kramer: How did this happen?
kramer: Accident? This was no accident. These doves were murdered.
kramer: Well, that's it! She's out of the pageant!
kramer: Her birds are dead.
kramer: Yeah, birds. She's got these trained doves, she does this magic act, that was her talent for the pageant. You know what I think, Jerry? I think somebody murdered those doves. Somebody wanted her out of that contest bad. Somebody who was just eaten up with jealousy. Somebody who just couldn't stand to have the spotlight taken off of them! (Kramer turns around and notices the empty icebucket on the edge of Jerry's balcony.)
kramer: Well, don't think you've won, because you haven't! This kid is a fighter! And if you think I'm gonna let a couple of dead birds get in our way, you're crazy!
kramer: How ya feelin'?
kramer: There's nothing to be nervous about.
kramer: Poise. Poise!
kramer: That Gendason, what a jerk. I'm never playing golf with him again.
kramer: Steve Gendason.
kramer: Well, I met him on the course a couple of years ago. Yeah. Played with him a lot. But today was it! We're on the fifteenth hole, ya, he's beating me by a couple of strokes. Then, he's about to hit his second shot, when, he picks up the ball and CLEANS it.
kramer: Umph, sorry! But the rules clearly state that you cannot clean the ball unless it's on the green. The rules are very clear about that.
kramer: Ya, so I penalized him a stroke.
kramer: He LOST IT! We almost came to blows. We were face to face like a manager and an umpire like this . . kara a pukka ba ya ka ba . . .
kramer: A rule is a rule. And let's face it. Without rules there's chaos.
kramer: Turn on the TV.
kramer: I'm puttin it on
kramer: Jerry . . .
kramer: Yeah, but maybe he was so mad from the penalty stroke that he murdered the dry cleaner.
kramer: Jerry, Jerry they found a tee.
kramer: A golf tee. In the dry cleaner.
"kramer: Listen to this, ""If a player cleans his ball during the play of a hole accept on the putting green he shall incur a penalty of one stroke. "" That's a rule, Jerry."
kramer: Because that's the way I weas raised. You know when I was growing up I had to be in bed every night by nine o'clock. And if I wasn't, well I don't have to tell you what happened.
kramer: You know he talked about Pinkus on the course?
kramer: Oh yeah, he said he brought a pair of pants into Pinkus' and they came back stained with some kind of dry cleaning fluid. And Pinkus denied responsibility. You see he was very upset with Pinkus.
kramer: Yeah, but maybe I pushed him over the edge.
kramer: Poor Pinkus, poor little Pinkus.
kramer: Oh, I love curls.
kramer: All right, I'll see you later.
kramer: Genderson's.
kramer: It's weighing on my conscience.
kramer: Yeah, this is Kramer. I got Genderson in the car. He wants to see his fish. I'm taking him to see his fish. So tell the police to back off.
kramer: My name is Kramer. You know who I am dammit!
kramer: I thought we would blend in.
kramer: we would have had all that bridge traffic.
kramer: Jerry, did you get my Fortune magazine in your mail?
kramer: (leafing through Jerry's mail) Oh, who sent you a card?
kramer: Open it, it's from Hallmark.
kramer: Let me see.
kramer: Did you ask her about me?
kramer: Giddy-up! Alright! So now, how does that work? Now, what, I get a percentage of every pledge I bring in, right?
kramer: Okay, yeah, alright, that sounds good, but I still get a tote bag though, right?
kramer: New cards, huh?
kramer: Oh. Well, I'll tell you, a nice greeting card can really lift a person's spirits.
kramer: (opening a card) Oh, a check.
kramer: There's a check in all these? Why don't you cash them?
kramer: But you got a whole pile here. 1987?
kramer: Jerry, your grandmother gave you this gift. She wants you to spend the money, to have the fun that she can't have. Oh, this is tantamount to a slap in the face.
kramer: Jerry, a gift not enjoyed is like a flower that doesn't blossom.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Huh? Yeah.
kramer: So you're bringing Danny Tartabull to the fundraiser tonight.
kramer: Yeah, I'd like to see the script too.
kramer: It would put me at ease.
kramer: Yeah, that's right. You did.
kramer: Oh, they were Chemical.
kramer: Hey, I didn't twist your arm.
kramer: Well, don't look at me.
kramer: My fault? Your Nana is missing because she's been passing those bum checks all over town and she finally pissed off the wrong people.
kramer: Any word from Nana?
kramer: Alright, alright. Look, Jerry, we gotta get down to PBS, PDQ.
kramer: Jerry, where are all the tote bags?
kramer: Well, I'm not leaving the premises without tote bags. I was promised tote bags and tote bags I shall have.
kramer: Who's that?
kramer: Jerry, I'll take care of it.
kramer: Well, he can't be disturbed now.
kramer: I'm sorry. I mean, I know what it's like to be in love. Ties you up in knots. And Jerry is a very sexy man.
kramer: Look, I'm not judging you. In fact, we here at PBS, we have many programs celebrating your lifestyle. Armistead Maupin's Tales of the City, Gender Bending and Swinging in San Francisco. Before Stonewall about those dark ages when you couldn't come out of the closet, lest you be persecuted because of your, you know.
kramer: (answering) PBS pledge drive.
kramer: Oh, you again. Buddy, look, forget about Jerry. It's not gonna happen.
kramer: Oh, uh, Nana. Hello.
kramer: As long as you've got your checkbook out, how about forking a little over to PBS? You watch the station, don't you? You don't want to be a freeloader.
kramer: Jerry? I have an announcement. Your grandmother is on the line.
kramer: And as we speak, she's generously writing PBS a check for fifteen hundred dollars!
kramer: Hi. I'm goin' through this stuff like water... (to Jerry) Who you talkin' to? (Jerry waves him away and moves towards the bedroom, still on the phone)
kramer: Oooo, ooooo. You know, I dig Asian women.
kramer: No, I think these Jockeys shrunk.
kramer: No, no, n--Well, you know, I wore 'em for about a month but I couldn't stick with it. No, I need the secure packaging of Jockeys. (he's serious. Then he makes a hand gesture of grabbing up) My boys need a house!
kramer: Sperm count? Well how many ssssperm should I have?
kramer: Jerry. Did ya ever have your sperm count checked?
kramer: You ever get a woman pregnant?
kramer: What would you say if I told you I never impregnated a woman?
kramer: A LOT of 'em! (wild gesture, freaked out) Do you think maybe I'm... Depleted??!!
kramer: Yeah but what if I am? I'm the last... male Kramer! We're facing extinction!
kramer: Yeah, but then I'd have to... (glances at Elaine) well, you know... into a cup in the middle of the day??
kramer: Oh?
kramer: Yes! I would like to very much!... Well, I'm low, aren't I? I ca--I can feel it!...
kramer: Ohhh, maaan!! It's over! The Kramer name is finished! I'm never goin' to procreate--
kramer: What
kramer: All right, all right. What. What. You tell me; I'll do anything. Come on, Doc, tell me.
kramer: All the time?
kramer: Yeah, but I've always worn Jockeys.
kramer: Here, take my Jockey shorts.
kramer: Look, you gotta help me. I have to get off Jockey shorts.
kramer: Very low! Come on, Jerry. Take 'em.
kramer: Jerry, look! You gotta help me! I can't have 'em near me! If I have one pair in my house, I'm gonna wear them!
kramer: All it takes is one pair! Now, come on! J--
kramer: Boxers! How do you wear these things!! Look at that--they're baggin' up, they're rising in! An' there's nothing holding me in place! I'm flippin'! I'm floppin'!
kramer: What am I gonna do!? Jerry! I'm goin' CRAZY in these things! (leaves)
kramer: Oh, hey! Elaine, I just heard that Noreen and Paul are breaking up. I want you to put in a good word for me. (to Jerry) I've always had a thing for Noreen.
kramer: Well, if she's available now, I'm not gonna let her slip through my fingers this time. Nooope. (does a little dance)
kramer: Wellll, I wouldn't go as far as that.
kramer: Wrong again.
kramer: Oh, it be so. I'm out there, Jerry, an' I'm lllovin' every minute of it!!!
kramer: Surprisingly, no. I'm freee, I'm unfettered... (opens door to leave, still very happy, then) Feel like a naked innocent boy rrroamin' the countryside!! (exits)
kramer: Y'ello?
kramer: Elaine!
kramer: (pause) YEAHH!
kramer: Wellll, isn't it obvious?
kramer: Yes she is...
kramer: Oh, what? Am I... tooo boring for you?
kramer: Well, I feel that it would be best that you didn't talk to Noreen for a while...
kramer: That's right! She an' I have had a very long talk. An' I was appalled to learn of the destructive influence you've had over her life, lo these many years...
kramer: From now on, I'll be calling the shots around here...
kramer: Well. I've encouraged her to go back into the Army...(Noreen sighs a little) There she'll get the structure an' the discipline she needs right now... And she'll have qualified officers telling her what to do...
kramer: Can't help ya, kid.
kramer: (triumphant) Hey, Jerry! Guess what! The Kramer name might live on! Noreen's late! She's laaate!! (give two thumbs up)
kramer: Hey! Couch is comin.'
kramer: Alright! Yeah. You know, I'm excited about this, Jerry. In a way, I feel like I'm getting a new couch.
kramer: Ooh! Remember Poppie?
kramer: Yeah, yeah. Anyway, uh...we're going into business together. Remember that idea I had a few years ago about the pizza place where you make your own pizza?
kramer: It's a pizza place where you make your own pie! We give you the dough, the sauce, the cheese...you pound it, slap it, you flip it up into the air...you put your toppings on and you slide it into the oven! Sounds good, huh?
"kramer: Well, I happened to be eating at Poppie's when I told him the ""old"" idea, and his eyes - waaaaaah! - just lit up. You know, he wants to back it."
kramer: That was in the past, Jerry. As it happens, New York Magazine just judged his kitchen to be one of the cleanest in the city. They got a duck there, you think you died and went to heaven.
kramer: Yeah, but you gotta order it two days in advance. (To Jerry) You know, I'm gonna call him, I'm gonna order the duck for you.
kramer: Did you offer those guys a drink?
kramer: What kind of a person are you?
kramer: Did you enjoy the duck? (Elaine comes back from the bathroom.) Oh, Elaine! I was just asking how dinner went last night.
kramer: Alright, what did you do to Poppie?
kramer: Well, he's in the hospital. And the cook says you put him there.
kramer: I don't know! I'm gonna go and visit him later. (angrily) It would be nice if you got him something. (Punches the the table to accentuate this, and leaves.)
kramer: Anyway, Jerry and Elaine felt very badly about what happened to you, and they wanted you to have this.
kramer: Why, what...?
kramer: Well, we're not very close.
kramer: Oh, they got good ducks there, huh?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Well, you know, Poppie's over at my place. Tonight's the big night. I'm gonna make the first test pizza at the restaurant.
kramer: Yeah. Anyway, he's about to leave, he wants the duck money. (Poppie enters.)
kramer: Why don't you sit down, Poppie? You're still recuperating. (Poppie moves to the sofa and sits down, and exhales a loud sigh of relief.) What, are you tired, Poppie?
kramer: Hey, Poppie...you really think people wanna make their own pizza?
kramer: What is what?
kramer: What puddle?
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: Are you sure?
kramer: I'm sure it'll come out.
kramer: Ah, you're making too much of it.
kramer: Right!
kramer: And...cucumbers! (Grabs a large handful and puts them on the pizza.)
kramer: It's cucumbers.
kramer: Well, why not? I like cucumbers.
kramer: But that's the idea, you make your own pie.
kramer: What gives you the right to tell me how I would make my pie?
kramer: It's not a pizza until it comes out of the oven!
kramer: No, it isn't!
kramer: (enters apartment) Hey.
kramer: Hey, you got a hammer?
kramer: Well, I got this new poster. 3-D art? Computers generate 'em.
kramer: No, no, I don't have it now. I gotta pick it up at Mr. Pitt's. Elaine was framing a bunch of stuff for him, so she did me a favor. What, you wanna take a ride?
kramer: (shouting to the bathroom door) George, you wanna go for a ride?
kramer: Oh, COME ON!
kramer: All right, I've had it with you two. (opens apartment door to leave)
kramer: A gymnast!
kramer: A gymnast, Jerry. Think of the flexibility. Mmm, that sex'll melt your face.
"kramer: (shuts door) ""Bailing""?"
kramer: Jerry, you should pay that price.
kramer: Ch- oo-... what?
kramer: (convulses in pain) Yeow! Whoa.
kramer: (exiting apartment) Yeah, yeah, yeah...
kramer: Elaine?
kramer: Yeah. (enters, points at package) Yah, huh?
kramer: (rips open package) Yeah, that's...
kramer: (holds up framed picture) There she blows! (throws paper around)
kramer: Oh, these are nice corners, huh?
kramer: (looking at picture) Yeah, it's 3-D art. Computers generate 'em. BIG computers.
kramer: Well, you blur your eyes like you're starin' straight through the picture. And you keep your eyes unfocused. And then... (Kramer and Pitt stare at picture) Oh, oh, oh, YEAH!
kramer: Yeah, it's a spaceship, surrounded by planets, asteroids...
kramer: Ya' ever dream in 3-D? It's like the boogeyman is comin' right at you.
kramer: (pointing) Right in here. Just keep your eyes unfocused. (convulses in pain) Waahh! Oh, mama!
kramer: Mama!
kramer: I think I gotta go to the doctor! (exits) Oh, mama!
kramer: Hey.
kramer: I got a stone.
kramer: A kidney stone.
kramer: It's a, it's a stony mineral concretion, formed abnormally in the kidney. And this jagged shard of calcium pushes its way through the ureter into the bladder. It's forced out through the urine!
kramer: (enters apartment, holding up videotape) Behold! The Games of the '84 Olympiad! Katya's silver medal performance! (inserts tape into VCR, sets up TV)
kramer: Jerry, what is your problem?
kramer: All right, Jerry--are you familiar with the Kama Sutra?
kramer: Tantric yoga?
kramer: Jerry, you stand on the threshold to the magical world of sensual delights that most men dare not dream of!
kramer: All right, all right, why don't we just watch the tape? (starts playback)
kramer: Not yet. But the suspense is killing me.
kramer: Oh yeah. Oh yeah, that's her. (feminine grunts and sighs can be heard as they watch the tape) Look at the height, Jerry, the extension! Now watch the tuck. Handstand, half-turn, giant into a straddle, back into another handstand. Nice kip. Reverse hecht. Oh, nice leg extension, good form! Now, here comes the big dismount. Look at the rotation, full in, double back, and she sticks the landing! (gets up to leave as George and Jerry continue to watch, mouths agape) Perhaps you'd like to keep the tape? (silence) Well, I'll take that as a yes.
kramer: You mean like the uneven parallel bars?
kramer: (Off-screen) No, I tried to do a reverse hecht off my couch and I didn't make it.
kramer: (enters apartment, points at Jerry) Hey, what are you doing later?
kramer: Well, maybe you should try again. You know what happens the first time people are a little shy, a little reticent.
kramer: All right, where you going?
kramer: Well, Jerry, it's your obligation. C'mon.
kramer: No, no, no, I don't wanna go to the circus, Jerry.
kramer: Yeah, but I'm afraid of clowns!
kramer: Hey. (walking over to Jerry, who sits at the table reading the newspaper)
kramer: Listen, I need you to do me a favor.
kramer: Well, I need you to help me move my refrigerator.
kramer: Cause Im getting rid of it.
kramer: (claps hands) So ...
kramer: Well after that Kidney Stone I only want fresh food. It's gotta be fresh. Im not eating any more stored food. Plus you know I want the space.
kramer: Well I could put a, dresser in there. I could get dressed while Im making breakfast.
kramer: What, you're giving him this suit?
kramer: Armani? Hey, Armani Jerry. (Kramer takes the suit and looks it over)
kramer: Come on, try it on.
kramer: Come on, I want to see how it fits.
kramer: There you go.
kramer: Oh boy, that looks great. I can't believe you're giving him this.
kramer: He's very generous, isn't he?
kramer: No, you'll never get a better deal than that.
kramer: All right, ooh look at that Armani, huh, yeah.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Ahh, no, no, no. You got me all wrong buddy. I am loving this no refrigerator. You know what I discovered? I really like depriving myself of things. It's fun. Very monastic.
kramer: It's all fresh. Fresh fish, fresh foul, fresh fruit. I buy it, I omniga nominga, I eat it.
kramer: Oh yeah, it's working out. And I got a date with that waitress who works at Reggies.
kramer: Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, well, Ill tell you, she's a full-figured gal.
kramer: Oh you better believe it buddy. Hey George, we could double sometime.
kramer: All right it's done.
kramer: (to George) Hey, I just spoke to ah, Hilde about your friend.
kramer: She doesn't have a boyfriend. She made it up.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Um, yeah. (glances around the apt.) Oh, uh ... well, how's everything? (clap)
kramer: Good, ah, (clap) what's going on?
kramer: Really.
kramer: It's not for me. It's for Hilde -- the waitress I was telling you about. She's hungry, she wants food. If I go back in there without any food ... there's gonna be trouble. (his voice gets really high pitched on his last sentence)
kramer: Thanks buddy. (goes over to the fridge and pulls out a few things)
kramer: Uh, yeah, ah ...
kramer: There's a few things in here, ah, peanut butter, cheese, yeah ...
kramer: Uh, Swiss.
kramer: H-Hey. She's hungry Jerry.
kramer: No food? Well you gotta have something -- (rummages through Jerry's cupboards and refrigerator) -- I can't go back in there with no food. She's expecting something Jerry. You don't know what she's like when that blood sugar drops.
kramer: There, you see. She's already in a bad mood. She just got fired.
kramer: Oh, because I called over there a couple of times and the manager didnt like it.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Jerry, you know that shoe repair place at the end of the block? Well, if they don't get some business, they're gonna have to shut down and make way for one of those gourmet coffee or cookie stores.
kramer: Yeah, of course you do. And do you know why? Because you're a bunch of yuppies. It's your go-go corporate takeover lifestyles that are driving out these Mom and Pop stores and destroying the fabric of this neighborhood.
kramer: Hey, Bogambo - they've been in the neighborhood for 48 years. Now, come on, Jerry. You've gotta have a pair of shoes in need of a cobblin.'
kramer: Well, what about sneakers? You know, they'll clean 'em. They do complete detailing.
kramer: Well you know, these sneakers, they belong to my neighbor, Jerry Seinfeld? The comedian.
kramer: Well, he's got a Peter Pan complex.
kramer: Oh, well, no rush. (wipes his nose) Uh oh.
kramer: Oh, I keep getting these nosebleeds.
kramer: Yeah. (Lies on the couch and cracks the back of his head against the armrest.) Hey, what's with your ceiling? (Mom and Pop look up.)
kramer: Yeah well, you should. This place could blow any minute.
kramer: You said take 'em.
kramer: Well, obviously there was a miscommunication.
kramer: Jerry, I left you a pair right here...(goes into Jerry's room and comes out with a pair of cowboy boots.) C'mon. There, put on those boots.
kramer: Well, why not?
kramer: C'mon here, try 'em on. (Jerry sits down and puts the boots on.)
kramer: Ah, you look like a cowboy! Huh?
kramer: Oh, stop it. You know that friend of yours, Tim the dentist? I got an invitation to his Thanksgiving Eve party.
kramer: Yeah?
kramer: Not necessarily.
kramer: Afternoon, Mom! Afternoon, Pop. You know you got a crack in the sidewalk out there? Now, you oughta get that fixed.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: That's what I wanna know.
kramer: Well, I saw Mom and Pop this morning, but when I went by the store on my way home? The place was empty. Everything is gone. Mom and Pop - vrooop - vanished.
kramer: I'm afraid so. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. I've been asking around - they didn't even have any kids.
kramer: It was all an act, Jerry. They conned us, and they scored, big time.
kramer: Apparently.
kramer: Oh. Oh man. (Takes out a Kleenex and puts his head back. Jon Voight comes out of a doorway and hails a cab.)
kramer: Hey! Jon Voight! Jon Voight! (Voight waves at Kramer and hurriedly gets in the cab. Kramer runs over to the car.) Hey, listen, can I ask you something? Listen, listen...(Leans in the the open back window of the cab. Defensively, Voight grabs Kramer's arm and bites it. Kramer screams. The cab speeds off leaving Kramer in the street, stunned.)
kramer: No. (To George) But I did run into somebody you might be interested in, a Mr. Jon Voight, the actor?
kramer: Well, he was a little standoffish.
kramer: No, I couldn't, his cab pulled away. But he did, however, make an impression on me. (Pulls up his sleeve and shows George his arm.) Look.
kramer: His tooth marks. He bit me.
kramer: No, it's justifiable. He thought I was going for his wallet.
kramer: That he did. Now, you got that pencil with the bite marks on it? We get a trained eye to match 'em up, and we'll see whether or not you're driving Jon Voight's car!
kramer: Jerry, look, come on, I'm an invited guest. I can't be aiding and abetting some...party-crasher.
kramer: You got a problem with Woody Woodpecker?
kramer: That's right. He's a troublemaker.
kramer: He didn't come with us. (Tim walks over to Jerry.)
kramer: Not just someone. Jon Voight.
kramer: Oh! You popped Woody Woodpecker!
kramer: Those kids look pretty disappointed.
kramer: Where are they?
kramer: Let's go!
kramer: Well, how are we getting to Parsippany?
kramer: Uh. Jerry. These nosebleeds are starting again.
kramer: Whoa. What are you all dressed up for?
kramer: Good idea.
kramer: Hey look, if you're going there, maybe you could pick me up some of this super hydrating, it's a total-protection moisturizer with Uva.
kramer: No no, look. Ill tell you what -- they're having a sale right.
kramer: Ill meetcha down there, well have lunch.
kramer: Well, well get to know each other. We never get to spend any time together. Oh sure we have our little group here, but ... (he looks and gestures out towards George and Jerry, as Elaine walks back into the bedroom to change out of the dress -- Kramer scratches his head in sort of disbelief)
kramer: You got a pen?
kramer: And I need something to write on.
kramer: I gust met Uma Therman. She's giving me her telephone number. Uma Jerry, Uma.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yeah well I don't have any time to talk now. (he rushes back into the theater)
kramer: I got it. Uma, Uma, Uma. (looking at the ticket)
kramer: Yeah, all right. Taxi's on me. (he walks off camera)
kramer: Well Elaine, when you're shopping on Madison Avenue, you don't want to skip on the, swank.
kramer: Huh, oh hey, look at this. (he pulls a little tube out of the bag) It's the super hydrating, triple-action moisturizer, hmm.
kramer: Wait till that Uma smells this Uva.
kramer: Hey Bania, what's happening? (Kramer, looking into the mirror, is putting moisturizer under his eyes)
kramer: Well, thank you.
kramer: No, this is vintage. They don't make this stuff anymore.
kramer: I sure am.
kramer: (interrupting Bania) That don't make you look high-waisted.
kramer: Me too.
kramer: Uh, 42.
kramer: make me an offer.
kramer: Surely you jest. (walks away from Bania)
kramer: Look at the stitching (takes the jacket off to show Bania) This is old world craftsmanship.
kramer: Sold. Follow me into the dressing room.
kramer: Bania, you're killing me.
kramer: There's nothing in there that I haven't seen before.
kramer: Psst. Hey.
kramer: Listen, I need you to get me some clothes.
kramer: Yeah, I just sold my suit to Bania for a cool three-hundred.
kramer: What, at this place? It would destroy my whole profit margin.
kramer: Listen do me a favor -- just call Jerry, tell him to bring me some clothes.
kramer: [Yeah] (through the door)
kramer: Oh, Jerry, you got my clothes?
kramer: Didnt Elaine call you?
kramer: Well what are you doing here?
kramer: Oh, the stub, yeah. I left it in my, my pants
kramer: Well, I sold them to Bania.
kramer: ouhhh -- I had Uma Thermans number written on that stub. I lost Umas number.
kramer: I told you I sold them to Bania.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well, I didnt think ahead.
kramer: Bania?
kramer: Well you're not getting any money back. (Kramer opens the door) Jerry, come back in here.
kramer: Umas number is on that ticket.
kramer: Im not going to give him $300 now for a suit with moisturizer cream all over it.
kramer: What?
kramer: (closes the door) All right, nice work. (he looks at the ticket, flips it over, and then over again) Where's Umas number? The moisturizer smudged out the phone number.
kramer: (grabs the ticket back and holds it up to the light) It must have been the botanical extracts.
kramer: Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Merry Christmas everyone. Merry Christmas.
kramer: Yeah, you're looking at the new Santa at Coleman's Department store.
kramer: On Prancer on Dasher, on Donna.
kramer: Donna!
kramer: Ho ho ho Well come on little Princess, tell Santa what you want. Don't be shy.
kramer: Santa speaks the language of all children. A notchie watchie dotchie do.
kramer: A dotchie cotchie dochie,
kramer: Het, Mickey when do we get a break? My lap is killing me.
kramer: A sweat shop.
kramer: Hey, hey, hey.
kramer: Hi
kramer: Oh, hey, hi buddy.
kramer: Eight hours of jingle belling and ho ho hoing. Boy, I am ho'd out.
kramer: Woah, woah, come on.
kramer: Double?
kramer: You got that straight.
kramer: Talk to me baby.
kramer: Each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
kramer: Well, if you've got needs and abilities that's a pretty good combination.
kramer: There are no delicatessens under Communism.
kramer: Well, because the meats are divided into a class system. You got Pastrami and Corned Beef in one class and Salami and Bologna in another. That's not right.
kramer: Well, you know, if you're in the Politburo, maybe.
kramer: Ho ho ho ho A racing car set! Those are assembled in Tai Wan by kids like you. And these Coleman pigs, they sell it at triple the cost.
kramer: You see kid, you're being bamboozaled. These capatalist fat cats are inflating the profit margin and reducing your total number of toys.
kramer: ho ho ho ho.
kramer: You can't fire me, I'm Santa Claus.
kramer: Yeah,
kramer: Yeah, well I didn't realize that was such a sensitive issue.
kramer: I guess I screwed up!
kramer: I parked in front of that restaurant . As soon as this race is over I got to go to the airport.
kramer: Whoa, you're dating this woman?
kramer: George, you're becoming one of the gliterratti
kramer: Ya' know, people who glitter. She's a slim gal.
kramer: Maybe she's bulimic
kramer: Bulimic,
kramer: Exactly
kramer: There you go monkey boy.
kramer: Here's your scrubber back.
kramer: Nothin'
kramer: Me?
kramer: No.
kramer: Well, now look, just leave me alone.
kramer: No, don't, don't make me
kramer: No, I can't, all right I can't ...
kramer: ... My mother's a matron!
kramer: Yeah, there, all right I said it there.. Ya' satisfied? Anything else you want to know?
kramer: Look, George, I can't help ya, all right.
kramer: let me go. let me go. Because I haven't talked to my mother in five years. We just don't see eye to eye. I don't even want to get into my childhood. I'm still carrying a lot of pain. A LOT of pain.
kramer: I can't I can't
kramer: (mumbles) b'd b'd
kramer: Ma?
kramer: What's so funny? ... wha?
kramer: All right, OK So you the name now. The cat is .a a a .. out of the bag.
kramer: Well you know all my life I've been running away from that name. That's why I wouldn't tell anybody. But I've been thinking about it. All this time I'm trying not to be me. I'm afraid to face who I was. But I'm Cosmo Jerry. I'm Cosmo Kramer. And that's who I'm going to be. From now on that's who I'm going to be. I'm Cosmo!
kramer: Hi Mr. Clotworthy
kramer: Ah couldn't be better. Hi Lorraine.
kramer: My mom Babs.
kramer: Yes, It's a fine day
kramer: Hey, everything my man.
kramer: You ma, know I've been thinking. I want you to quit that matron job.
kramer: Well maybe we could go into business together. If you're clean?
kramer: I've got plenty of ideas.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Thanks man.
kramer: Uh, Yeah, yeah, but he's on vacation. Went to Baltimore.
kramer: Yeah
kramer: All right all right. Come on I'll take you over to Newman's
kramer: She quit.
kramer: Don't talk to me George, talk to her.
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: Ma!
kramer: Where can I put this?
kramer: It's Risk, Jerry. The game of world conquest. (brushing newspapers off the table with his foot and setting the game board down) Alright, that's perfect.
kramer: The board, Jerry. We've been playing at Newman's for six hours but he's gotta go.
kramer: We have to put the board in a neutral place where no one will tamper with it.
kramer: Yes, yes. You're like Switzerland.
kramer: Jerry, Newman and I are engaged in a epic struggle for world domination. It's winner take all. People cannot be trusted.
kramer: Oh, I'm looking right at you, big daddy.
kramer: Alright, so you're gonna look after it?
kramer: Stay strong buddy.
kramer: Watch it good.
kramer: (entering) Hey.
kramer: Guess what? I saw Newman talking to the super.
kramer: The super has keys to your apartment. Don't you see what's going on? Newman is planning a sneak attack.
kramer: Yeah, alright, fine. You sit there and you watch while Newman takes over the world. But he'd be a horrible leader. And you know who's gonna suffer? The little people; you and George.
kramer: Oh. I talked to Arthur Jobanian. Yeah, the Drake's wedding? That's off.
kramer: The Drake, he found out that the wedding is on the same day as the Super Bowl. So he wanted to postpone it, they got in a big argument and *phlf* it's over.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: I'm watching your door.
kramer: Yeah, from my peephole. Fisheye, sees all.
kramer: Newman!
kramer: I'm taking the Congo as a penalty!
kramer: (rolling the dice) Yeah. I am taking over South America and there ain't nothing you can do about it.
kramer: (running to the window) What?! Not my car!! Hey!! They're towing my car!!
kramer: I'm taking the board with me.
kramer: Oh, stop stalling. Come on.
kramer: Or is it because I've built a stronghold around Greenland? I've driven you out of Western Europe and I've left you teetering on the brink of complete annihilation.
kramer: Ha ha, the Ukraine. Do you know what the Ukraine is? It's a sitting duck. A road apple, Newman. The Ukraine is weak. It's feeble. I think it's time to put the hurt on the Ukraine.
kramer: Yeah, well we're playing a game here, pal.
kramer: (to car as it accelerates away) Hey pig!
kramer: I was yelling at the litterbug. I mean this is my town. You don't throw trash on the streets of my town.
kramer: No, I fled the scene.
kramer: (to George) Hey buddy.
kramer: What?
kramer: Oh. What about?
kramer: Aw come on George, you can share it with me, huh?
kramer: You gonna share it with me next time, huh?
kramer: Aw, all right, I'm looking forward to it.
kramer: Hey. (to Elaine) Oh, I just saw your old boyfriend on TV.
kramer: Yeah. I really liked those glasses he was wearing. Where'd he get those.
kramer: I know, I know. But I need a new look, I'm stagnating.
kramer: Yeah, I've considered that. (to Elaine) Look, how do I get in touch with this guy?
kramer: Ah.
kramer: Okay, thank you. Listen Jake, uh, where did you get those eyeglass frames?
kramer: So you don't know where you got 'em?
kramer: Well, that's peculiar. (leaves)
kramer: ...so I called the litterbug a pig, not you. I like policeman. I wanted to be a policeman.
kramer: Scared of being shot.
kramer: I like that eye patch.
kramer: (rising) Flat out refused! (walks past Jerry, who moves his legs)
kramer: Yeah, tell me about it, soul sister. (he opens the door to leave) Anyway, I told Jake that you said hi.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well, it's uh, common courtesy.
kramer: (to the exiting Elaine) Yeah, well, listen. If you're going there, (following her out the door) maybe you can get him to tell you where he got those glasses. (shouting after her) Elaine!
kramer: (to Jerry) Hey buddy.
kramer: It's an eyepatch.
kramer: I wanna be a pirate.
kramer: (to Gary) How you doing?
kramer: Well, I tell you there's only one problem.
kramer: No. It's uh, (swaps patch to the other eye) it's itchy
kramer: What whip?
kramer: Well, you know in the old days, when the senators didn't vote the way that the party leaders wanted 'em to... they whipped them. (holds imaginary whip) You better vote the way we want you to, or there's gonna be big trouble. (cracks invisible whip and makes sound effect)
kramer: (looking after fleeing car) Newman! The white whale!
kramer: Just drive.
kramer: All right. Now you listen, and you listen good. I know who you are. You're the scofflaw.
kramer: (interrupting) Ah, don't play dumb. It's me, Cosmo.
kramer: You don't think I know how you're feeling, every second of the day? Looking over your shoulder to see if someone's coming up from behind. Sitting alone at night, knowing they could be closing in.
kramer: Ga, of course you can't, you poor sap! Now why didn't you tell me?
kramer: So you been living this secret the whole time by yourself?
kramer: All right, all right, I'm gonna help you.
kramer: Well, don't you worry, your honour. He's in my custody.
kramer: Oh, Chinese food. I knew I smelled something.
kramer: I think he looks fantastic.
kramer: No, I never realized what an attractive man he is.
kramer: You know I just thought of something. I know this gorgeous woman, she called me up this morning, she's moving into the city, and she asked me if I know of anyone she could meet. Now you can go out with her.
kramer: No I think he's got you beat buddy.
kramer: Oh yeah, last time I saw her she was, five years ago.
kramer: No.
kramer: Hey, I know what we can do. I've got a friend who works over at the police station. He's a composite artist.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, maybe I can get him to draw a picture of her for you.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. I think he will.
kramer: Hey Jerry, you want this, cause I'm going to give it to a homeless person.
kramer: Here you go brother. Some food for you.
kramer: Now are you going to be here in an hour?
kramer: Oh that's good, that's good. Make the eyes, uh, what's that nut?
kramer: Almond. Yeah. Make the lips fuller. Poutier.
kramer: All right George, come on, take a look.
kramer: Hey, man. Enjoy the food?
kramer: Oh, listen, I'll take that Tupperware now.
kramer: Woah, woah, that's mine.
kramer: No, no, I didn't say you could keep it. You see I don't give away tupperware.
kramer: I didn't think I had to. Look with a piece of Tupperware you just assume.
kramer: Tupperware.
kramer: I knew this was going to happen. I just made a delicious casserole, but now it won't keep because I have no Tupperware.
kramer: You must be kidding.
kramer: The patented burp, Jerry. It locks in freshness.
kramer: Oh yeah, you talked to her.
kramer: Yeah well we go way back.
kramer: Who's to say it didn't?
kramer: No, no, no she can't tell. It's a perfect match. Beautiful job.
kramer: No he's not going to take it off. If he was going to go over there bald, I never would have introduced him.
kramer: Yeah that's it. All right, I'm going to go down to the precinct. I'm going to have lunch with Lou.
kramer: Hey I'm really sorry about the other day. Really sorry.
kramer: Sure. I will.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Bald?
kramer: Well I'll tell you what I think. I think she saw you with that piece off and was devastated. You blew it boy. You really blew it. And you had to ruin it for him. Didn't you?
kramer: Hey, how you doing Stu? Eddie, my man. You again? Boy, you're a slippery one. You'd better straighten up and fly right buddy boy.
kramer: Me?
kramer: Hello, boys and girls.
kramer: Yeah. Hey listen, I uh, I need a picture of you, buddy.
kramer: Well, I'm uh, I'm putting everybody's picture up in the lobby of our building.
kramer: So everyone will know everybody's name. See, people are gonna be a lot friendlier.
"kramer: Imagine walking by someone on the floor, and you say ""Hey, Carl!"" and he says ""Hey, Jerry!"" You see, that's the kind of society I wanna live in."
kramer: (to Elaine) You know your eyeliner's smudged a little. Why do you wear so much eye makeup?
kramer: (surprised) Hey, hey hey hey. Hello!
kramer: (evasive) Ohh, nothing, nothing.
kramer: Oh, I, I need a pen.
kramer: Well, I'm making out my will. Oh, I got a big slice of dough for you, buddy. And you too, Elaine, I haven't forgotten you.
kramer: You got that straight.
kramer: Oh, come on, Jerry. If everybody knew everybody, we wouldn't have the problems we have in the world today. Well, you don't rob somebody, if you know their name!
kramer: Well, I'm gonna get your picture, and you're gonna participate in my program.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Why?
kramer: Hey! Jerry!
kramer: I told you I was gonna get it.
kramer: (holding the picture away from Jerry) Aagh. No no no no no.
kramer: Oh, hello.
kramer: (shaking hands) Yeah.
kramer: (points) You know, I really like that hairdo.
kramer: (interrupting) Oh, no no no. You don't wanna do that. No no. Nobody wears it like that.
kramer: No, no. you'd be a damn fool to change it. It's very becoming.
kramer: Hey! (indicating photos) So what d'you think? You like it?
kramer: Well, it's not a beauty contest. It's just a way for people to get to know one another.
kramer: Hey...
kramer: ...Steve. (to Jerry) Ah, you see?
kramer: (interested) Well, how do you do?
kramer: (keen) What was I telling you? Isn't this nice?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: For what?
kramer: You should be thanking me for liberating you from your world of loneliness and isolation. Now, you're part of a family.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: What's up?
kramer: Oh.
kramer: Hey, don't you worry buddy. I made double prints.
kramer: Oh, hey, Jack. How you doing?
kramer: Hi.
kramer: What, again? You took one this morning.
kramer: I know but I... (waves toward the interior of his apartment) Little problem.
kramer: (leaning to look round Kramer) Wendy here?
kramer: No no no. She changed her hairstyle, (pulls a face) it's terrible. No, we're done.
kramer: Oh yeah, yeah, great. (calling after the guy) And get some of those blue corn chips.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Hi.
kramer: Ooh, I like that.
kramer: Stefanie. 2-G.
kramer: Yeah yeah. Well uh, you know, I'd invite you in, but uhm... you know.
kramer: So, you think your parents'll get back together?
kramer: Hey, George, stick 'em up.
kramer: For these German tourists. Pretend that I'm robbing you.
kramer: So these people can go back home and tell their friends they saw a real New York mugging. It'll give them a thrill.
kramer: Awright, hands up, porky!
kramer: That's it. Now, gimme your wallet. Got it in here, huh, fat boy!
kramer: (aggressive) Is that all you got?! Hah? Is that all you got?!
kramer: I'll tell you when it's enough! (he releases George) Alright, now you better not say anything, or I'll stalk you!
kramer: I'm Cosmo.
kramer: (little dance) One-two, cha-cha-cha.
kramer: (matter of fact) He had breasts.
kramer: No, not these. These were real hooters.
kramer: Well, maybe you're gonna get 'em too, George.
kramer: You know, Frank can't be too comfortable with those things clanging around. He should wear something for support.
kramer: A bra is for ladies. I'm talking about a support undergarment specifically designed for men.
kramer: I tell you, I'm gonna go noodle with this.
kramer: Hey. I uh, brought back your record player, huh.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: So, how you feeling?
kramer: Uh huh. Your back hurt?
kramer: Well, it's obvious, you know. You're carrying a lot of extra baggage up there.
kramer: Oh, yeah. Top floor. (sits beside Frank) Listen, Frank, have you ever considered wearing something for support? Now, look at this. (reaches into his pocket) Mind you, this is just a prototype.
kramer: No, no. A bra is for ladies.
kramer: Meet, the bro.
kramer: How's that feel?
kramer: You see?
kramer: Yeah, and your posture's a lot better. Look at you.
kramer: I told you! Now, Frank, listen. Here's what I'm thinking. Now, you have a friend in the bra business, right?
kramer: (claps his hands) Here's our chance. What d'you say? It'll be me, you and the bro, bro.
kramer: Why, what's wrong with bro?
kramer: Alright, you got something better?
kramer: Mansiere?
kramer: Now, it's called the bro.
kramer: Yeah, but I prefer the bro.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: (to Frank) I told you.
kramer: Uh.
kramer: Say you're getting intimate with a woman uh, you don't want her fumbling and struggling back there.
kramer: I think we've all experienced that.
kramer: (pointing at Farkus) Very funny.
kramer: Of course, yes.
kramer: I thought Jerry didn't want that couch, because of the stain?
kramer: Oh, you didn't notice? It has a pee-stain.
kramer: Oh, hey.
kramer: Awright, I got it.
kramer: Now, look. Somebody gave it to me.
kramer: The first upper-body support undergarment, specifically designed for men.
kramer: Oh, no, no. (demonstrates) Here, velcro.
"kramer: ""Jerry it's my fault .I couldn't make a shot. These losses they stay with me. They (?) Jerry. Now this is gonna plague me.""( Puts on aftershave and cries out) OH! Mother!!!"""
"kramer: ""What d'you got there?"""
"kramer: ""Yeah"""
"kramer: ""They're Plyometric.(sp?)"""
"kramer: ""Yeah! They isolate the muscles. The muscle has to grow....or die."""
"kramer: ""You should take cold showers."""
"kramer: ""Well I take 'em........They give me a Whooooosh."""
"kramer: ""So, you're heading home?"""
"kramer: ""Ah! what.. Tim Whatley?"
"kramer: ""Oh yeah.! I got a check up on Thursday."""
"kramer: ""You know.. You really shouldn't brush 24 hours before seeing the dentist."""
"kramer: ""Oh no, you got to eat before surgery, you need your strength."""
"kramer: ""Hey!"""
"kramer: ""What?"""
"kramer: "" Hmm! Oh! Yeah. I'll tell you who is an attractive man; Gorge Will."""
"kramer: ""Yeah! He has clean looks, scrubbed and shampooed and...."""
"kramer: ""No, no I don't find him all that bright."""
"kramer: ""So you got any cavities?"""
"kramer: ""So what's wrong with that?"
"kramer: ""So... Did you take a look?"""
"kramer: ""Well I'll tell you I'm looking forward to my appointment on Thursday. I might even get there a few minutes early."""
"kramer: ""Hey! What's this?"""
"kramer: ""(gasp_)......Kom Pau........"""
"kramer: ""Boy , you're looking sharp there Tim."""
"kramer: ""Euh.. Fine , good , yeah! Just been occupying myself with some of your....hem reading material."""
"kramer: ""Oh yes, yes indeed."""
"kramer: ""yeah, yeah, lets do that."""
"kramer: ""All right euhhm....."""
"kramer: (still under the effects of the Novocaine slurrs his words heavily) ""Yeah H'amon board."""
"kramer: ""Wellhum....He th'aid I gotta cut out the SsssfKittles."""
"kramer: ""Ohhh H'am loaded."""
"kramer: ""Well he said that humm.. you know.that it helps his pathients relax a little bit..and he's got a new polithy Adults only."""
"kramer: ""Yeah!!!"""
"kramer: ""Well you know its.. great. You know, no kids ..allowed. you don't have to watch your language."""
"kramer: ""He..he... When they pull that needle out I let the expletives fly."""
"kramer: ""Well.. Aye can't hold the water."""
"kramer: ""Hey Jimmy"""
"kramer: ""Go Jimmy"""
"kramer: ""HEY I'M DOING THE BEST I CAN!!!"""
"kramer: (cries out) WELL I SAID I'M SORRY."""
"kramer: ""BUT I CAN'T FEEL ANYTHING."""
"kramer: ""HEY TAXI!!!.....TAXI!!"""
"kramer: ""Go ahead, go ahead you got it......(to the driver) He's got it."""
"kramer: ""No,No...You were here first."""
"kramer: ""Lets share.. we share....Awight"""
"kramer: ""Eh!! Cosmo Kramer. Nice to meet you"""
"kramer: (like rainman)""Yeah! heading home."""
"kramer: ""Yeaheum ... You're not doing too bad yourself"""
"kramer: (whose voice has returned to normal)"" THE VELVET FOG!!!!"""
"kramer: ""Well...He's singing at a benefit and I'm gonna be sitting at his table."""
"kramer: ""I'm a guest of honor."""
"kramer: ""Well this afternoon I shared a cab with this...a hum..DEENSFREI."""
"kramer: ""Yeah! well ..that's the guy .He's organizing the dinner."""
"kramer: ""Well, because we hit it off and he was very impressed with what I do."""
"kramer: ""Well apparently I do something 'cause I'm sitting at the head table with Mr. Mel Torm"
"kramer: ""Ehmm ..These are my vertical leap training shoes."""
"kramer: ""Yeah! yeah! right after I left the Y."""
"kramer: ""What!!!"""
"kramer: ""I'm going to try and find some candy. You want some?"""
"kramer: ""What kind?"""
"kramer: ""There's no candy around here. hey! Jimmy."""
"kramer: ""Whooo!"""
"kramer: ""What!"""
"kramer: (Keamer's voice starts slurring again) ""Yeah! My lips swollen?"""
"kramer: ""No No I've been living alone a long time now."""
"kramer: ""Hey! Got the new Penthouse"""
"kramer: "" Ah! here here Listen...Dear Penthouse, I want to tell you about an experience I recently had. As an avid reader I've always wondered if the letters (with Jerry) are I'm a dentist and one afternoon my hygienist and I decided to have a little fun with one of our patients. Of course none of our patients had any idea exactly of what we were up to. I was still wondering what if ......... (Jerry stops and seems bewildered)"
kramer: Well, they're in...
kramer: The MACANAW PEACHES ,Jerry , the MACANAW PEACHES!!!!
kramer: Yeah Yeah I split a case with Newman..I waited all year for this.. Oooh this is fantastic.. Makes your taste buds come alive....It's like having a circus in your mouth.....Take a taste
kramer: Come on ,Just take a taste
kramer: Come on JUST TASTE!!!
kramer: HE..YA. AYA. AYYYYYAAAAA!!!!
kramer: Jerry , this is a miracle of nature that exists for a brief period. It's like the Aurora Borealis.
kramer: What?
kramer: Flea bites?
kramer: You got a dog?
kramer: Well, that is strange.
kramer: Don't sweat it buddy...I used to have fleas.
kramer: What do you mean?...
kramer: I left a Macanaw peach in your refrigerator.
kramer: Toxic gas!!!
kramer: An hour and a half!!! I was reading a manuscript, I just couldn't put it down.
kramer: Now that you mention it , a little woozy.
kramer: I'm not going back in there!!
kramer: I left it on the coffee table or somethin'
kramer: Well I thought it was so your parents wouldn't walk in while you're with a girl.
kramer: Well I don't know . I was in the bathroom , the kitchen...
kramer: Jerry, I had some milk, I made a sandwich. I got to get out of the building.
kramer: Oh! yeah.
kramer: Well it's a story about love, deception, greed, lust and...unbridled enthusiasm.
kramer: Well , that's what led to Billy Mumphrey's downfall.
kramer: You see Elaine, Billy was a simple country boy. You might say a cockeyed optimist, who got himself mixed up in the high stakes game of world diplomacy and international intrigue.
kramer: ah! Here we go.
kramer: May I..( pointing her food)
kramer: what is this?
kramer: I can't taste this.
kramer: This food ,it has no taste......nothin' I'm gettin' nothin'...( realizes) It must be the toxic gas from the fumigation......( he leaves paranoid and confused)
kramer: Newman ,Let me have a bite of your Macanaw..
kramer: Come on ,c'mon i need to taste it. ( takes his peach).....Nothin' , Can't even taste a Macanaw.
kramer: Waited all year and I can't even taste it..
kramer: ya....Yes!....Yes! it's back I can taste again. ( to a passerby) Hey! What's the date today?
kramer: Fifteenth , Yes last day for the Macanaws. I can still make it. Wait.. Newman...
kramer: ( fake laugh ) Look Hubert. It's the mailman. You remember the mailman don't you.
kramer: Hi, little buddy.
kramer: Hey, listen, I gotta go somewhere.
kramer: All right, I'm sitting down. How are you? (Kisses Estelle on the cheek)
kramer: Oh, yeah, good for you. Hey, you have to look your best. You're out there now.
kramer: So, who is your doctor?
kramer: (whistles). He's good. He's *very* good. He worked on this kid from Guatemala with no nose. Turned him into Ricardo Montalban.
kramer: Tuesday? Uh...
kramer: Yeah, I know, but I can't drive anybody anywhere until I go down to the motor vehicle bureau and get my new plates.
kramer: Yeah, I'm here to pick up my new plates. My name is Kramer. Cosmo Kramer.
kramer: All righty...
kramer: (signs it) Okay. (The clerk hands him a manila envelope). Thanks. (opens up the envelope) Assman? Oh, no, these don't belong to me. I'm not the Assman. I think there's been a mistake.
kramer: Cosmo Kramer.
kramer: No! I'm not the Assman.
kramer: Here you go, buddy. (shows it to Jerry).
kramer: *Fusilli* Jerry! It's made from Fusilli pasta. See the microphone?
kramer: In my spare time. (turns to George). You know, I'm working on one of you, George. I'm using ravioli. See, the hard part is to find a pasta that captures the individual.
kramer: Because *you're* silly. Get it? (hands the Fusilli to Jerry) Yeah...
kramer: Oh...yeah. I got my new plates. But they mixed them up. Somebody got mine and I got their *vanity* plates.
kramer: Assman.
kramer: Yeah. Assman, Jerry. I'm Cosmo Kramer, the Assman!
kramer: Yeah, or it could be a proctologist.
"kramer: Have you ever *met* a proctologist? Well, they usually have a very good sense of humor. You meet a proctologist at a party, don't walk away. *Plant* yourself there, because you will hear the funniest stories you've ever heard. See, no one wants to admit to them that they *stuck* something up there. Never! It's always an accident. Every proctologist story ends in the same way ""It was a million to one shot, Doc. Million to one."""
kramer: Oh! There's my phone. (He leaves)
"kramer: ""Call me. Thirty-six, twenty-four, forty-six. I think I have what you're looking for."" (Pleased by the note, Kramer stumbles into his car)."
kramer: Ah, yeah. Doctor Cosmo Kramer. (points to plate) Proctology.
kramer: Thanks. Have a good day.
kramer: I just can't get over how fantastic you look.
kramer: Oh, yeah. This takes twenty years off.
kramer: Oh, yeah.
kramer: You got that straight!
kramer: Hey, well, this is Sally.
kramer: Shall we go?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Hey, Frank.
kramer: C'mon, Frank, relax. I don't even know what you're talking about.
kramer: Bro.
kramer: Bro!
kramer: Jerry. Jerry, come here. Take a look at this.
kramer: The name on the boat. Look at it.
kramer: Yeah (points towards the doctor's office), he's the Assman! Jerry, *he's* the Assman!
kramer: Yeah, excuse me, uh... You didn't by any chance recently get the wrong license plates?
kramer: So...you're the Assman.
kramer: Hey, how you doin'?
kramer: Name's Kramer.
kramer: Oh I'm happy right here. Isn't this place amazing? Planes flying in from all corners of the world, and they know the minute they're arriving.
kramer: Bet? Um, not betting.
kramer: I haven't made a bet in three years, I-
kramer: Okay, how much?
kramer: You're on, cowboy!
kramer: C'mon Seattle, let's go.
kramer: Seattle, yeah!
kramer: All right, c'mon, let's go again.
kramer: All right, look, one more bet. Double or nothing. C'mon.
kramer: All right, let me call my bank. You stay here. (He calls)
kramer: Yeah, it's, uh, me.
kramer: All right, listen. I need some cash.
kramer: I just need it, that's all.
kramer: I'm at the airport.
kramer: We've been betting on arrivals and departures. (Newman rolls eyes) But I'm down $3200 , so you've gotta get me some cash.
kramer: Sure you do.
kramer: Oh help me man, I'm desperate!
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Good. (To Earl) Here's my collateral.
kramer: Yeah, don't I know it.
kramer: All right, how 'bout Ithaca vs. Boston?
kramer: Double or nothin'.
kramer: Yeah, he was.
kramer: Oh I accept.
kramer: Yeah, it's a pleasure doin' business with a gentleman like yourself. (Elaine enters)
kramer: Oh hi Elaine. What are you doing here?
kramer: Boy...
kramer: C'mon!
kramer: What?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh, I'm there, Monongahela!
kramer: So, so.
kramer: She must be a very special lady, huh George, yeah.
kramer: So she works at the zoo?
kramer: Yeah, like Diane Fosse. You know she's the only person that's ever been accepted into gorilla society. And you know, once those gorillas accept you, you got it made in the shade.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Yeah, that's cool. Well, you gotta support your team.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Alright, that's enough out of you, there's still three more games left in this series, my friend, and it's far from being over. Very far from being over. (Notices a car coming right towards Puddy, who's crossing the street) Watch out!
kramer: Hey, Jerry? You're a smart guy, right?
kramer: Alright, you know I'm supposed to go on this special tour today with George's girlfriend.
kramer: Yeah, but before I met up with her, I stopped to look at the monkeys, when all of a sudden I am hit in the face with a banana peel. I turn and look and there is this monkey really laughing it up. Then someone tells me that he did it. Well, I pick up the banana peel and I wait for that monkey to turn around. And then I *whap* let him have it.
kramer: Well, he started it!
kramer: Well, he pushed my buttons, I couldn't help it, Jerry.
kramer: Alright, alright, fine. You take the monkey's side, alright, go ahead.
kramer: (walking out) Cause I know what happened, Jerry. (remembering something and walking back in) Did you call Alec Berg and thank him for the hockey tickets?
kramer: Oh, Jerry, what are you waiting for?
kramer: Oh, no no no, you gotta call him the next day, it's common courtesy.
kramer: Jerry, good manners are the glue of society.
kramer: Alright, you know what this is gonna do? He's gonna be upset because you didn't call him and we're not gonna get those tickets for Friday night.
kramer: Alright, where you going?
kramer: Who died?
kramer: So he actually had it?
kramer: Yes.
kramer: So, uh, what did you want to see me about?
kramer: Barry?
kramer: Oh. Well, uh, what's the problem?
kramer: So, so what do you want me to do?
kramer: Yeah, well he started it.
kramer: So am I. What about my feelings? Don't my feelings count for anything? Oh, only the poor monkey's important. Everything has to be done for the monkey! Look, I'm sorry. I--
kramer: (to Siena as she's walking out, but she appears to ignore) You know George really likes you.
kramer: Oh.
kramer: Hey. Well, I just spoke to your girlfriend.
kramer: Anyway, she asked me to apologize to Barry.
kramer: The monkey.
kramer: Nothing doing. Jerry, I didn't do anything. It's the monkey that should be apologizing to me.
kramer: Well, I'm sorry. Well, George, I tried to put the good word in for you with Siena, but I don't think she heard me. You know, left ear?
kramer: Yeah, her boss told me that she can't hear very well out of her left ear. What, you didn't know that?
kramer: What's going on?
kramer: Oh. Well listen, I almost forgot to ask you. What happened at the funeral? Now, did you talk to Alec berg?
kramer: Alright, so he's gonna give you the hockey tickets, huh?
kramer: He's mad, isn't he? See, I knew it.
kramer: Alright, so what happened when you saw him?
kramer: Uh huh.
kramer: See, I told you, Jerry, I told you!
kramer: I want you to get on this phone and give him his 'thank you'!
kramer: Jerry, this is the way society functions. Aren't you a part of society? Because if you don't want to be a part of society, Jerry, why don't you just get in your car and move to the East Side!
kramer: You stubborn, stupid, silly man!
kramer: Anyway, I um, I just want to say that I'm sorry. I lost my temper and I probably shouldn't have. I took it out on you and, look, if I've caused you any problems as a result of my behavior, well then, I'm sorry. I apologize. Even though, Barry, between me and you, we both know that you started it. I mean, who's kidding who? But they tell me that you're very upset, and god forbid I should disturb the very important monkey, I'm just hoping we can put this behind us, let's just move on with our lives, ok? So no hard feelings?
kramer: Well? Did he call?
kramer: Oh, come on, Jerry! Come on, this is stupid! It's six o'clock! It's all over, just pick up the phone and thank him!
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Where you going?
kramer: Really? What is Bette Midler playing? Is she going to be there?
kramer: Bette Midler is going to be in the park today? Yeeee. Jerry, don't tease me.
kramer: So maybe I'll go down there and watch, uh? She'll be there, ,maybe.
kramer: Who's Gennice?
kramer: Oh, uh, is this uh, Bette Midler's understudy?
kramer: Oh, understudies are a very shifty bunch. The substitute teachers of the theater world.
"kramer: You know, maybe in Korean ""dog"" isn't an insult. Could be like the word ""fox"" to us. Oh, she's a DOG!"
kramer: So she's coming?
kramer: Look it's Bette It's Bette! Ah, Ah, AH, . . . Bette, psst, hi.
kramer: Uh, I just want to say I think you're wonderful.
kramer: Yeah, I've seen you in everything you've done.
kramer: Anything I can get you? Water? They got ice over here.
kramer: Chocolate, Lemon, and uh, Cherry.
kramer: Pineapple, sure, alright, I'll be right back.
kramer: Oh, uh, uh. (Leaves)
kramer: I GOT THE PINEAPPLE.  I GOT THE PINEAPPLE.
"kramer: (holding bette) Don't worry Kramer is going to take care of everything. See,, I got you Pineapple. I saw Beaches last night for the fourth time (sings) ""You are the wind"""
kramer: Come on Jerry, open up. I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
kramer: SO...you're all in here together. How convenient. I hope you're all proud of yourselves.
kramer: So my dear you think you can get to Broadway. Well, let me tell you something. Broadway has no room for people like you. Not the Broadway I know. My Broadway takes people like you and eats them up and spits them out. My Broadway is the Broadway of Merman, and Martin, and Fontaine, and if you think you can build yourself up by knocking other people down... ...GOOD LUCK... (exits)
kramer: (on phone) A turkey sandwich. A side of slaw,  you want whit e meat or dark?
kramer: Yeah, white meat. And if I see one piece of dark meat on there. It's your ass buster.
kramer: yeah, all right, yeah. (hangs up) They don't have any. But don't worry I'm going to get you one somewhere.
kramer: Now that's impossible.
kramer: Hi, here. I made this for your. (gives her a pasta statue)
kramer: It's macaroni Midler.
kramer: Yeah, see how you're singing?
kramer: oh, what's that from?
kramer: Oh You are so freaking talented.
kramer: Oh, so look who's here. What do you want.
kramer: No, no. I'm sorry it's out of the question.
kramer: Bette is recuperating right now and I'm not going to allow anything to disturb her.
kramer: I'm calling the shots around here so there won't be anymore ACCIDENTS!
kramer: AH! I don't want her disturbed.
kramer: What?
kramer: Really?
"kramer: So, then you asked yourselves, ""Isn't there something more to life?"""
kramer: Yeah, well, let me clue you in on something. There isn't.
kramer: Absolutely not. I mean, what are you thinking about, JERRY? Marriage? Family?
kramer: They're prisons. Man made prisons. You're doing time. You get up in the morning. She's there. You go to sleep at night. She's there. It's like you gotta ask permission to use the bathroom. Is it all right if I use the bathroom now?
kramer: Yeah, and you can forget about watching TV while you're eating.
kramer: Oh, yeah. You know why? Because it's dinner time. And you know what you do at dinner?
kramer: You talk about your day. How was your day today? Did you have a good day today or a bad day today? Well, what kind of day was it? Well, I don't know. How about you? How was your day?
kramer: It's sad , Jerry. It's a sad state of affairs..
kramer: Oh, you have no idea.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: What dog?
kramer: Yeah. What dog?
kramer: Don't...
kramer: Well, there is something you can do.
kramer: Well, what if there should be an unfortunate accident?
kramer: No, no. Not me. I just happen to know someone who specializes in exactely these kinds of sticky situations.
kramer: Look, just meet with him. ?????.
kramer: NEWMAN ! Stop it!!
kramer: I got it. We'll kidnap him . and we'll drop him off Upstate and this way he won't bother you anymore and he won't get hurt.
kramer: Huh?
kramer: Hey!
kramer: Nothing.
kramer: Oh! Well, How do you like that. I got rope. Um, I gotta go.
kramer: Out.
kramer: Well, Look at it this way. We drop the dog off in front of somebody's house in the country. They find it and adopt it. Now the dog is prancing in the fields. Dancing and prancing. Fresh air. . Dandelions. We're doing this dog a huge favor.
kramer: Oh, no. I don't wear a watch.
kramer: Well, I tell time by the sun.
kramer: Well, I can guess within an hour.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well, night's tougher but it's only a couple of hours.
kramer: You got it?
kramer: Well, get him to bark.
kramer: Let's turn the radio on. Maybe there's a news report about it.
kramer: Yeah. This looks right. All right. Give me the dog. Okay, boy. This is it. This is your new home. Let go of my shirt. Come on. Let go of my shirt. This shirt is from Rudy's.
kramer: Hi.
kramer: Uh, yes. Yeah.
kramer: Oh, yeah, that's...
kramer: What?
kramer: Arrest?
kramer: Hey, what do you think they'll do to us?
kramer: Oh, hey!
kramer: Elaine, listen, I was talking to a friend about this dog business. Do you realize this is gonna be on our permanent records? Are you aware of this?
kramer: It can never be erased. It'll follow us wherever we go for the rest of our lives. I'll never be able to get a job. I mean, doesn't that concern you? Everything I've worked for...down the drain because of one stupid mistake. I mean, aren't we entitled to make one mistake in our lives, Jerry?
kramer: Yes!
kramer: Hey, hey.
kramer: Definitely.
kramer: No, no, I would turn you in.
kramer: Phwap, I wouldn't even think about it.
kramer: What kind of person are you going around killing people?
kramer: Well,, if you'll kill this person, who's to say I wouldn't be next?
kramer: I thought I DID!
kramer: Hey, don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
kramer: You better believe it.
kramer: Since when are you so trendy?
kramer: I've been drinking Caf Latte since the fifth grade and I haven't looked back.
kramer: I've always wanted to see this.
kramer: Well, yeah, lets do it uh?
kramer: Maybe I will.
kramer: Why not?
kramer: Well that's stupid
kramer: Well, we'll just see if we can't get around that.
kramer: Oh, yow, oow Ah!
kramer: Nothing Nothing.
kramer: I don't have anything. Ask him.
kramer: What?!
kramer: Ow
kramer: Sorry? Are you kidding? You did me the biggest favor of my life. I spoke to a lawyer, we're suing for millions.
kramer: The coffee was too hot.
kramer: Not THAT hot.
kramer: So ya know, my friend and I we were going to the movies and we stopped off and bought this cafe latte.
kramer: Yeah that's right.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yes I did.
kramer: No I wasn't able to sip it in my normal fashion.
kramer: Well I think I take a normal sip.
kramer: Well you know ahh, they don't allow outside drinks in the movie theater. So I had to put it in my shirt and sneak it in.
kramer: Yeah, now is that going to be a problem?
kramer: It's definitely preposterous.
kramer: Well ahh. I was trying to get to my seat and I had to step over someone and I kind of got pushed and it spilled on me.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: No. They put the top on.
kramer: Ah No no, I haven't.
kramer: So ah, what do you think Mr. Chiles.
kramer: Jackie. I mean, we have a chance?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh I ah just came from a meeting with my lawyer.
kramer: Oh I'll tell you how it's looking. My lawyer Jackie says if there is one coffee drinker on that jury, (in a very high voice) I'm gonna be a rich man.
kramer: Yeah, well you wouldn't be on that jury. He would have weeded you out.
kramer: Oh I can be quite litigious.
kramer: Yeah but Jackie says the top was faulty.
kramer: Hey Maestro!
kramer: I'm in here. How's it going.
kramer: Well, this is a surprise ha?
kramer: Oh Maestro, you, what are you doing? You don't have to do this. Do you believe this Maestro?
kramer: Yeah, ya know you haven't been around for a while.
kramer: Oh Tuscany huh? Hear that Jerry? That's in Italy.
kramer: Maestro.
kramer: Yeah, yeah oh hey and a thanks for the balm. Yeah.
kramer: You know you hurt the Maestro's feelings.
kramer: That's right.
kramer: Why?
kramer: Jerry he's a conductor.
kramer: Well, he's still a conductor.
kramer: Oh, you should see him do 'Flight of the Bumble Bee'.
kramer: Hey, hey, hey, listen to this. Jackie just called.
kramer: Yeah, Java World wants to settle.
kramer: Yeah, I'm gonna be rich.
kramer: Cause their afraid of bad publicity.
kramer: Yeah that's right.
kramer: Jerry! Jerry! Jerry! Jerry my burn is gone look.(shows Jerry the burn area).
kramer: Well I put that Chinese balm on that the Maestro gave me. And look, it healed it.
kramer: So? My lawsuit. I'm finished.
kramer: Well what happens if they want to see it?
kramer: Yeah!!
kramer: I guess I screwed up huh Jackie?
kramer: The Maestro.
kramer: My friend he's a conductor.
kramer: Well my stomach was burning.
kramer: Well I didn't know the balm was gonna work.
kramer: Well I ...
kramer: I'm sorry Jackie.
kramer: (Motions with his head) Yeah, get over.
kramer: (Interrupting) I'LL TAKE IT!!
kramer: No.
kramer: Well I thought we were lucky to get anything.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well I didn't hear any Plus.
kramer: Look, Java World. (To cabbie) Hey listen I'm gonna get out here. I'm gonna get myself a free cafe latte.
kramer: (Speaking very fast and fidgety) You can't put a limit on my cafe lattes, it says so right here. And I don't want to get dirty looks when I come in here. If I want a cafe latte, you give me a cafe latte. And if I have any problems I'm gonna get my lawyer Jackie Chiles down here and your gonna be in really big trouble.
kramer: Awe there making faces at me cause I've had a couple of cafe lattes. But I'm entitled to them. I can have as many cafe lattes as I want, that was the settlement.
kramer: That's it. What you want one George? I can get one for you. No problem. Jerry, you want one? They're delicious. My pleasure.
kramer: Well I feel like I'm talking fast but it's very hard to tell.
kramer: Well well I've got things to do. I'll see you later. Bye.
kramer: Common Jerry, this guy is crazy. Get out.
kramer: I didn't push you. How much did you pay that guy?
kramer: 75,000 lira? Are you out of your mind?
kramer: Oh, conversion rate, oh.
kramer: Nobody put a gun to your head.
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: Hi guys.
kramer: Hello Archie, Veronica, Mr. Weatherbee. . . . Is this Don Matingly's signature?
kramer: And Buck Showalter's?
kramer: Um, can I show this to my buddy Stubbs . He runs a sports memorabilia store. He pays top dollar for pro autographs.
kramer: No, of course not. (winks back)
kramer: You know, you see Don Matingly signed this envelope then he sent it to room 318, where it was received and signed for by manager Buck Showalter.
kramer: Why?
kramer: Ah, Mr. Weatherbee.
kramer: Sure do.
kramer: Here you go.
kramer: You'll be pleased to see what's inside.
kramer: You're cut of the loot. Stubs gave me 200 dollars for the autographed birthday card that was inside.
kramer: You did.
kramer: No, not in so many words but I believe we had an understanding. (winks)
kramer: Well Stubs has already sold it to some guy who's kid's in the hospital .
kramer: Look, do you want me to get it back or not?
kramer: That you Bobby?
kramer: Well, I heard that you have a very uh, special birthday card .with all the Yankee autographs on it.
kramer: Oh, that's it, yeah. Boy, Stubs sure went to town with this thing huh? Yeah, well, Bobby, uh, what if I told you a very important person at the New York Yankees needed this card back.
kramer: Well, uh, Bobby, uh, who's your favorite Yankee.
kramer: All right. What if I tell Paul O'Neill to hit a home run tomorrow, just for you.
kramer: For you he would.
kramer: Two? Sure kid, yeah. But then you gotta promise you'll do something for me.
kramer: Yeah, that would be nice. But I really just need this card.
kramer: Mr. O'Neill?
kramer: Yeah, uh, look, you don't know me.
kramer: No, it's uh, not that see,. It's about a little boy in a hospital. I was wondering if you could do something to lift his spirits.
kramer: Sure, well I promised you would hit him two home runs.
kramer: You know, Klick!. A couple of dingers.
kramer: Yeah, well, no good?
kramer: Two is better than one.
kramer: Well, Babe Ruth did it.
kramer: Oh, do you say that Babe Ruth is a liar?
kramer: Well, maybe I did overextend myself.
kramer: It's hot in here. Hey, Bobby, can I have some of your juice?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: OH YEAH! ALL RIGHT!
kramer: You know Bobby, it's very very hard to hit two home runs in one game. Even for Paul O'Neill.
kramer: He can do it, Mr. Kramer. I know he can. He'll do it for me.
kramer: Come on Come on!
kramer: GO! GO!!
kramer: An In The Park Home Run!
kramer: All Right! Yeah, well, I guess I'll be on my way (grabs framed card)
kramer: Huh?
kramer: Yeah, maybe not technically, but
kramer: Oh, come on. Bobby, Bobby! That's just as good!
kramer: Now, Bobby, Bobby, we had a deal . . . gimme that
kramer: Hi,
kramer: Oh, it's a birthday card.
kramer: (to George) Oh, by the way, tomorrow night, Paull O'Neill has to catch a fly ball in his hat.
kramer: And you were probably just going to stick it in an envelope.
kramer: Alarm clocks? I never use 'em. Don't trust 'em.
"kramer: I have a uh...mental alarm. I set my head for... quarter to seven and... (makes sound with the lips - ""pop!"") ...I get up!"
kramer: It never fails. See, it's based on your body clock. See, your body has an internal mechanism. It knows what time it is.
kramer: Lomez, he sold me his hot tub.
kramer: Yeah yeah, it's in my living room. I just gotta fill it. (points to bucket)
kramer: Oh, it's a beauty! It's got these high-volume aqua-sage jets oscillating and pulsating, soothing your every aching muscle. The water's gonna get over 120 degrees! (happy)
kramer: Oh...it's tolerable...! (happy)
kramer: Oh, I think it's a little cooler than that... (smiles and leaves)
kramer: (smelling) What's burning?
kramer: This was set for 2 minutes. See?
kramer: Jerry, look how tense you are... You need to take a soak.
kramer: Come on, I'm tellin' you, it's great. I opened up all the windows... the air is cold, the tub is boiling hot... It's like Sweden, man. Sweeeeden!
kramer: (relaxing) ...oooohhh yeeaaah... aaahhh... (he is really enjoying this)
kramer: Heeeeey...
kramer: Oh...four. (to waitress) Yeah, could I have a cup o'tea? Boiling hot.
kramer: I fell asleep in the hot tub and the heat pump broke. Water went down to 58 degrees. I can't get my core temperature back up!
kramer: (to Jean-Paul) Here, feel my hand. (takes off glove) Yeah, feel.
kramer: Yeah, I turned up the heat.
kramer: I'm freezin'! I just need to get my hot tub running. I'm waiting for my new heat pump.
kramer: Uh? Oh that must be it.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, I got the biggest one they had. It's industrial strength. 16000 BTU's.
kramer: (shouting) Yeah yeah, we're cracking along pretty good! We're almost up to 80 degrees!
"kramer: Yeah, ok. Wait. (concentrates and makes the ""pop!"" sound) Done! (Jerry stares, confused)"
kramer: Yeah, the heat pump blew all the fuses!
kramer: I guess I hit the snooze... (Jerry runs by Kramer and Kramer falls down)
kramer: (to Elaine) You want some hot tea?
kramer: Oh. There's some runners. Here they come!
kramer: Oh yeah! Yeah! Come on! (starts howling)
kramer: Hey.
kramer: [taking Jerry's couch cushion] Yeah.
kramer: Yeah. Elaine, she has to leave her armoire on the street all night...I'm gonna guard it for her. I need something to sit on.
kramer: Yeah, but this is so nice and thick. Ahoy there!
kramer: Yeah. Well, you ask for it, you got it.
kramer: Well, a bowl of muligatawny would hit the spot.
kramer: Yeah. It's an Indian soup. It's simmered to perfection by one of the great soup artisans in the modern era.
kramer: He's not a Nazi. He just happens to be a little eccentric. Most geniuses are.
kramer: Wait a second. You don't even know how to order.
kramer: No. No, Elaine!
kramer: Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. What are you doing?
kramer: You can't take this. This belongs to a friend of mine.
kramer: Huh?
kramer: What is this, huh?
kramer: Well, b -- it was stolen.
kramer: These street toughs, they robbed me.
kramer: Yeah. It was very frightening. My life was in danger. You should've seen the way they talked to me.
kramer: Well, where's the soup?
kramer: Oh...yeah!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Elaine, I'm really sorry about the armoire.
kramer: No.
kramer: Yeah. They were..quite taken with it.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: All right, [claps hands] I'm gonna go get some soup.
kramer: And then they just ran off with the armoire, just like that.
kramer: Well, my friend is awful disappointed is all. You know, she's very emotional.
kramer: How can I possibly thank you?
kramer: You suffer for your soup.
kramer: You demand perfection from yourself, from your soup.
kramer: Git.
kramer: And..voila!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yeah. Did the K Man do it or did the K Man do it?
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: How 'bout zero?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: I'll tell ya where I got it. I got it from the guy you so callously refer to as the Soup Nazi.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well, I told him the whole story and he just let me have it. Wha -- Yeah. He's a wonderful man.
kramer: Yeah. Well, a little bit misunderstood but, uh....
kramer: Yeah. Well, he's a dear.
kramer: Oh. Jerry, those are the guys that mugged me for the armoire.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yeah. That's them.
kramer: No. No. No. No. Let's get a cop.
kramer: No!
kramer: Excuse me.
kramer: Uh, well, uh, we --
kramer: Well, wha -- I, uh -- uh, we were kind of, uh, talking to each other, weren't we?
kramer: Leapin' Larry! Yeah, that's where I bought this.
kramer: Well, it's an emergency band scanner, it picks up everything Fires, harbor patrol, even the police. I'm watching the watchers, Jerry. Uh oh, we got a big fire on 115th. I tell ya if could do it over again, I'd give it all up to be a fireman.
kramer: When I was a kid, all I ever dreamed of was steering the back of that big hook and ladder.
kramer: No no no, they're talking the West Side Highway, at this time of day that's insane. They're heading straight into gridlock. Oh, those fools.
kramer: I just came from Leapin' Larry's. Making fun of crippled people, is that what you've sunk to?
kramer: Oh, oh your foot fell asleep.
kramer: Well, you just joked yourself right out of that commercial, didn't you, munjamba?
kramer: Boy, look at that. Se that's that fire I was listening to yesterday.
kramer: They just don't know what street to take. You remember that time I got us to Yankee Stadium in rush hour in fifteen minutes?
kramer: It's all up here, Jerry. All up here. It's innate.
kramer: I'll bet I can guess it.
kramer: Oh, alright. Yeah. Uh, let's see. Um, well, we can throw out birthdays immediately. That's too obvious. And no numbers for you, you're a word man. Alright, let's go deeper. Uh, what kind of man are you? Well, you're weak, spineless, a man of temptations, but what tempts you?
kramer: You're a portly fellow, a bit long in the waistband. So what's your pleasure? Is it the salty snacks you crave? No no no no no, yours is a sweet tooth.
kramer: Oh you may stray, but you'll always return to your dark master, the cocoa bean.
kramer: (building up steam as George bolts for the door) No, and only the purest syrup nectar can satisfy you!
kramer: If you could you'd guzzle it by the gallon! Ovaltine! Hershey's!
kramer: Nestl's Quik!
kramer: Hey, you wanna come down the fire station with me?
kramer: Yeah, I made a map of my shortcuts. I'm gonna rock their world!
kramer: Oh, so he took you back.
kramer: Well, you know the important thing is that you learned something.
kramer: Yeah, and this is just the Upper West Side. Wait until I get to the Village, then you're gonna see a magic show.
kramer: Leapin' Larry's? Hey, that's uptown. You gotta take Amsterdam.
kramer: Are you ok, cowboy? Where do you need to go?
kramer: Well, you'd better take it easy.
kramer: It's Kramer!
kramer: DeSoto's down, but Cosmo's got the caboose.
kramer: Don't worry, Cap, I can handle it!
kramer: Oh, no, of course you don't. You're a Man's Woman. You hate other women, and they hate you.
kramer: So Jerry, (smacks hands and rubs palms together) What time we going to the movies?
kramer: Saddle up and ride. (opens the fridge and pulls out some food -- takes a big bite)
kramer: (mumbling with full mouth) No, Im good.
kramer: There's nothing more pathetic, than a grown man, whos afraid of a woman . (voice get high-pitched for the last line)
kramer: That's gunna be trouble.
kramer: Jerry, don't you see? This world here, this is George's sanctuary. If Susan comes into contact with this world, his world's collide. You know what happens then?
kramer: Ka shha shha shha Pkooo (exploding sound)
kramer: Did I tell you Im getting a new telephone number?
kramer: Whew, chicks man. Too many chicks know my number.
kramer: Oh, yeah.
kramer: What's in the deep end?
kramer: You want to sit here?
kramer: Why?
kramer: (Quietly) Buffer zone (Kramer moves to the other seat)
kramer: No. You got a point.
kramer: I can't ...
kramer: Well these seats have no lumbar.
kramer: We are talking.
kramer: So, ah then, I ah had to kill him and ah, well the police are still looking for me.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: What is it blowing up?
kramer: Cosmo, go. No, no, na, na. (he pushes the end button and pushes the antenna down) Boy this new telephone number's driving me crazy -- wrong numbers, every five minutes.
kramer: Well it's 555-3455.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: What's Filk?
kramer: Oh Movie Phone.
kramer: So, Im Filk?
kramer: Oh, Mama.
kramer: Hey man, what's going on?
kramer: Ooh, here we go. (pulls a cordless phone from his pocket) Yeah hello. Yeah, no, no, no, hold on.
kramer: Yeah, Cupids Rifle -- 830, Sony Lincoln Square. Yeah, no, no, no, no problem, yeah.
kramer: I got time.
kramer: And this. (pulls out the cordless phone from his pocket) Cosmo here. Yeah, un-huh, no, no, no, no, Ill help. Yeah, Firestorms good. I saw it yesterday. Yeah well my buddy Jerry , ah, he's seen it twice. You want to talk to him? Here -- (holds the phone out to Jerry)
kramer: Just, just tell him about the picture. What's the matter with you? Stop it. (puts the phone back to his ear) Yes, are you still there? Look Im sorry about that. All right there's an 830 and a 1015showing.
kramer: Hewwo and welcome to Movie phone. Brought to you by the New York Times and Hot 97. Coming to theaters this Friday ... Kevin Bacon, Susan Sarandon -- You've got to get me over that mountain! Now (bang, bang) AHHHHHHHHHH There is no place higher than ... Mountain High . Rated R. If you know the name of the movie you'd like to see, press 1.
kramer: Elaine?
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: There they are.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Come on Jerry. Aren't you going to join us?
kramer: Yeah, wait here. Come on, sit down. What's the matter with you?
kramer: Hewwo and welcome to Movie phone. If you know the name of the movie you'd like to see, press one.
kramer: Using your touch-tone keypad, please enter the first three letters of the movie title, now.
kramer: You've selected ... Agent Zero? If that's correct, press one.
kramer: Ah, you've selected ... Brown-Eyed Girl? If this is correct, press one.
kramer: Why don't you just tell me the name of the movie you've selected.
kramer: To find the theater nearest you, please enter your five digit zip-code, now.
kramer: Why don't you just tell me where you want to see the movie?
kramer: (picks up paper) Chunnel , is playing at the Paragon 84th Street cinema in the main theater at 930 PM.
kramer: It's also playing in theater number two at 900.
kramer: Hey, boys and girls. I need you both to sponsor me in the AIDS walk.
kramer: Yeah, yeah, so...git-git...(gestures to Elaine to sign the form.)
kramer: Well, if I didn't do something I wouldn't be able to live with myself.
kramer: I tell ya, there's some people, they just wear a ribbon and they think they're doin' something? Not me. I talk the talk, and I walk the walk, baby. (gets up) I'll be right back.
kramer: Are you still on the pill?
kramer: I'll tell ya, I think birth control should be discussed in an open forum.
kramer: But wasn't that taken off the market?
kramer: I read it in Wall Street Week ...Louis, uh, Rukeyser.
kramer: Hey, I'm in tip-top shape. Better than you!
kramer: Yeah, well I'm walking for charity, what are you doing?
kramer: It's a poker game...(yells to the crowd) And I'm kickin' some serious butt!
kramer: Oh, you gotta be kiddin'! You see those two ladies I got showin'? Do they look scared?!
kramer: Ah, you're lucky you're walkin' out of here with a pair of pants on!
kramer: AIDS walk! That's a cake walk. (George enters.) Hey!
kramer: Uh, no thanks.
kramer: No.
kramer: I have to?
kramer: See, that's why I don't want to.
kramer: You know what you are? You're a ribbon bully. (Walks away.)
kramer: Oh, I don't wear the ribbon.
kramer: Yeah, I'm against AIDS. I mean, I'm walking, aren't I? I just don't wear the ribbon.
kramer: This is America! I don't have to wear anything I don't want to wear!
kramer: (handing Jerry & George a flyer) Good morning, gentlemen.
kramer: (removing his coat) Yeah, well, it's the latest offering from the Alex Theatre.
kramer: (sits beside Jerry) Well, you should smell it now. We fixed up the place.
kramer: (lighting his pipe) Well, it's a rare archival print. (jumps as his burns his fingers) Twelve extra minutes, full wide-screen CinemaScope, and if you come to the one o'clock show, you can hear Geoffrey Har-harwood.
kramer: Har-harwood, Jerry. He was the assistant wardrobe man on Spartacus. Some fascinating insights into the production.
kramer: Well, why go to a fine restaurant, when you can just stick something in the microwave? Why go to the park and fly a kite, when you can just pop a pill? (looks around Monk's) Listen, you guys haven't seen Lloyd Braun, have you? I'm supposed to meet him here.
kramer: Well, he's using his connections in the Mayor's office, to uh, get the theatre landmark status.
kramer: Well, he did. You know, after that, he had a nervous breakdown? Had to spend a few months in an institution.
kramer: Yeah, but he's doing a lot better now. I've taken him under my wing.
kramer: But he still needs all of our support. Now, when he gets here treat him like he's one of the gang, huh.
kramer: Oh, hey Lloyd, hey buddy. (gets up and shakes Lloyd's hand)
kramer: (slaps Lloyd on the shoulder) Sit down. (sits himself)
kramer: Yeah well, he's doing fine, George.
kramer: Yes, yes. We shall all try a piece and tell you how delicious it is. (he takes pieces for himself and Jerry)
kramer: Jerry, Jerry. Lloyd says it's no problem. He's capable of locating the gum.
kramer: Mmm, delicious. This is delicious. Mmm.
kramer: The Alex was built in nineteen twenty-two, during the golden era of movie palaces. Minor restorations in nineteen forty-one, forty-seven, fifty-two, fifty-eight, sixty-three, and currently to our present period of time.
kramer: Yes, yes I am. The icing on the cake would be getting that landmark status from the City. We're hoping Lloyd Braun can pull a few strings.
kramer: Lloyd Braun can do anything he puts his mind to. He's fine, Jerry. (to Elaine) And you should say hello to him, Elaine.
kramer: (emphatic) You're not crazy. Jerry does wear glasses. He just forgot 'em, that's all. (puts an arm round Lloyd's shoulder) Not crazy.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: (slapping Jerry on the back) Ah, he loved it.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. It's being repaired.
kramer: Yeah, put these glasses on.
kramer: Yeah, well Lloyd, he's gonna be here any minute now.
kramer: Well, he thinks you wear those.
kramer: They're from the lost and found at the Alex.
kramer: Oh. Okay. So he'll just think that the two of you didn't sit with him on purpose. Ooh yeah, that's very nice. Very nice.
kramer: Hey, Jerry, look who's here.
kramer: Yeah, let's all enjoy a chew, huh?
kramer: Oh, boy.
kramer: Now see, this is what the holidays are all about. Three buddies, sitting around, chewing gum, huh? Mmm, mmm, yeah. So uh, you know, Lloyd, he thinks he can get more of this.
kramer: Hey, Jerry, you know, Lloyd wants to do you a favour.
kramer: No, sure sure, he wants to. It's very kind of you. Yeah, Jerry, he appreciates it. Don't you, Jerry?
kramer: Yeah?
kramer: Oh, baby, what was that all about, huh?
kramer: Yeah, you uh, really missed a show, buddy. Wooh, ba-boom, ba-boom-ba-ba-ba-boom-ba.
kramer: Mr Har-harwood. Well, what an unexpected surprise to have you back at the Alex Theatre.
kramer: Well, let's look in lost and found, shall we?
kramer: Brown?
kramer: Uh, yeah. Ah, well if they're not in the box, I'm sure they'll turn up soon. Listen, could you keep an eye on the place? I wanna go out and get some paraffin wax, and bring out the lustre of this vintage countertop.
kramer: Jeez! What happened to your car, buddy?
kramer: Wow. Well, don't you sweat it. You can use my car any time you want to.
kramer: No kidding.
kramer: Yeah, merry Christmas.
kramer: What, he's not here yet?
kramer: Listen, I'm gonna need those glasses.
kramer: They're Geoffrey Haarwood's.
kramer: (proffering) Here, try this pair.
kramer: (clapping Jerry on the back) Oh yeah, he's all ready to go.
kramer: Oh yeah, she called a little earlier. She's coming over to check out lost and found.
kramer: Uh, yeah.
kramer: Wh...wh...wh... what's the problem here?
kramer: No, no, no, no, no. This man is not insane. Now there's nothing wrong with it or you.
kramer: No, no, no, no. I'll show you. (slams a bill down on the counter) One hotdog please.
kramer: Mmm, doesn't that smell good, huh?
kramer: Yeah, here we go, yeah. (he takes a big bite) Mmm, oh. That's delicious. Mmm. It's a perfectly sane food to eat. (he takes another bite)
kramer: Uhm, interesting texture. It's chewy. (he half-coughs, half-retches) I gotta get, some air.
kramer: Look, honey, I know you're trying to get Lloyd to notice you, but this is too much. Parading around in a wet T-shirt.
kramer: Yeah, well, I'm sorry, but the Alex is a family theatre, not one of your swing joints.
kramer: Mr Hararwood. Found your glasses.
kramer: Ah, the I.P.M.P.C.W.
kramer: Is that from Henry the Eighth?
kramer: Well, you know, we're screening that tonight at the Alex. Do you think that I could wear that to promote the theatre?
kramer: (an idea occurs) You don't say.
kramer: You're really helping me out with this, buddy. Kids are gonna be so thrilled.
kramer: Remember, you're a king, you must project a Royal bearing.
kramer: Ahh, Mr Haarwood. Well, you certainly know how to dress for a premiere.
kramer: Oh, he ran away.
kramer: I need to talk to you.
kramer: Oh, tell me about it.
kramer: Hey, Jerry! Listen, I need you to come downstairs, help me get my stuff outta the car.
kramer: I just came from the price club. I'm loaded up, baby.
kramer: Course I will. These are staples.
kramer: Lindsay olives, Jerry.
kramer: $17.50. You can't beat that.
kramer: Yeah. Star Kist, Jerry. Most tuna don't make their cut.
kramer: Hey, Clyde!
kramer: Yeah. Ahh. Hey, this is Jerry here.
kramer: You know, Clyde, he plays backup with John Germaine.
kramer: Hey, how 'bout giving me a hand? You know, bring some of this stuff upstairs.
kramer: Uh-huh.
kramer: Yeah. Sure. Sure.
kramer: Drive the horse?
kramer: Oh, giddyup. Yeah.
kramer: Of course, uh, this is Central Park. Uh, this was designed in 1850 by Joe Peppitone. Um, built during the Civil War so the northern armies could practice fighting on...on grass. Oh, yeah. Giddyup. On Rusty!
kramer: Of course I'll do it. I'd be happy to. So, all I gotta do is be there at seven?
kramer: Hey.
kramer: It's Beef-A-Reeno..and I got fifty cans. You want some?
kramer: Jerry, I think I bought too much at that price club. I don't have any room for it all.
kramer: Yeah. That's Rusty.
kramer: Uh-huh.
kramer: You wanna go see him?
kramer: I'll show ya Rusty.
kramer: Yeah. There ya go. That's Beef-A-Reeno. (singing) I'm so keen-o On Beef-A-Reeno What a delicious cuisine-o Fit for a king and queen-o! Yeah. Eat up. I got thirty four more cans.
kramer: Ah ha!
kramer: Ahh! Mr. Ross. Mrs. Ross. My name is Cosmo and I'll be your driver for this evening. We have blankets for your comfort. I also have hot chocolate if the mood should strike you.
kramer: Well, if we're all set to go, why don't you two hop aboard and let me show you a little taste of old New York...the way it once was. Oh, happy anniversary. On, Rusty!
kramer: Y'aah!
kramer: Hey, how's everything? You..you need anything?
kramer: Oh, you know, oats and hay. You know, they like that stuff.
kramer: Rusty! Rusty!
kramer: Whoa!
kramer: I'm terribly sorry, Mr. Ross. One never knows how the gastrointestinal workings of the equine are going to function.
kramer: The horse is gassy. Must have been the Beef-A-Reeno.
kramer: Well, I overbought!
kramer: Just a can. But he really liked it, though.
kramer: I don't wanna go back on there!
kramer: Hello boys.
kramer: Yes, indeed. The calendar says winter, but he gods of spring are out.
kramer: No, no........I'm sneaking in with Stan the Caddy, we've been going through the caddies entrance.
kramer: Yeah, and I'll tell ya something else. Stan's advice has transformed my game. He's never wrong. Oh, he thinks eventually I'll have a shot at making it big on the senior tour. (sucks in air through tight lips) Oh, that's my dream, Jerry.
kramer: Oh, I'm the real deal.
kramer: Yeah, here, Stan, in here!
kramer: There he is, yeah - Jerry, George, *this* is Stan the Caddy.
kramer: Oh yeah, you betcha.
kramer: Yeah, Yeah...Why, is it too cold out?
kramer: Ah, that makes sense, that's a good call, Stan. Alright, we'll see you guys later, huh?
kramer: Oowe (Kramer noise -- hes eating something)
kramer: Nothin'.
kramer: yep.
kramer: Wheehh
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: Wait a second....
kramer: I'll just snag the lock with this. auhh Here we go...
kramer: Well, George has gotta be happy about this.
kramer: Oh, mama.
kramer: Well I got a cut on my head and I banged my shoulder. (He has a large Band-aid on his forehead)
kramer: Well I couldn't help it, you saw what she was wearing.
kramer: Hey you know, my arm really hurts. I wonder if its gonna affect my golf swing.
kramer: Oohh.
kramer: Yeah, it's my left arm, I can't swing it!
kramer: Well what happens if I can't play like I was? What about the tour, and all my dreams?
kramer: Sue her?
kramer: Ah, No, no, no, I can't. I learned my lesson from that coffee company.
kramer: What do you think, Stan?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Well then we saw this woman, and she was wearing a bra with no top.
kramer: Yeah.So I got distracted and I crashed the car.
kramer: Oh, yeah.
kramer: She was flouting.
kramer: It was outrageous. And she's the heir to the O'Henry candy bar fortune.
kramer: I said she's the heir to the O'Henry candy bar fortune.
kramer: No.
kramer: So whadda ya think, Jackie? I mean we got a case?
kramer: Well, buddy, (claps) he's taking the case! Jackie Chiles is right on it! Right on it, he's all over it!
kramer: Why, wh-wh-what's wrong, come on?
kramer: uuh-
kramer: Yeah-
kramer: Well, your attitude has certainly changed.
kramer: Now listen, Jerry, I'm gonna need you to testify.
kramer: Jerry, Jerry, you gotta testify!
kramer: Listen, this is a million dollars we're talkin' about, Jerry, now this is the big league, the big time, now I need you on my team, Jerry!
kramer: Alright what's gotten into you, what's happened?!?
kramer: Oh I see....Yessss. Little Miss Candy Bar paid a visit, didn't she?
kramer: Ah, Ah, Ahhhhh! I know what I think. I think you're gaga over this dame. She's twisted you around her little finger, and now, you're willing to sell me, and Elaine, and whoever else you have to, right down the river.
kramer: You're just out for sex!!
kramer: Three under par.
kramer: Well if they're lucky.
kramer: Yeah, yeah...What's your read, Stan?
kramer: What do you mean?
kramer: Do it, Jackie. Stan's the man.
kramer: He's my caddy.
kramer: Gu-gu- cada-
kramer: OK, OK-
kramer: (sniffing a slice of meat) Yeah, oh boy. Mmm, that's good.
kramer: Oh yeah, I got a big appetite.
kramer: Uhh, Jerry, you got no mustard, huh.
kramer: (examining a yellow squeeze bottle) What, this yellow stuff? No, I said mustard, Jerry. Dijon.
kramer: Ah, 's no good.
kramer: No. That's bush league.
kramer: No, no, I can't eat that. You can't eat a sandwich without Dijon.
kramer: Hey, hey, hey. I'm getting a vibe here. What, are you unhappy with our arrangement?
kramer: Well, I was under the impression that I could take anything I wanted from your fridge, and you could take whatever you want from mine.
kramer: Oh, hey.
kramer: Aw, you really hurting, huh?
kramer: Uh hmm. Well, your arterioles have constricted.
kramer: Alright, lean forward, relax.
kramer: Encounter shiatsu.
kramer: (continuing to work) Ohh yeah. A wise man once taught me the Healing power of the body's natural pressure points.
kramer: (to Jerry) He sells tee-shirts outside the World Trade Centre.
kramer: He's a genius. Here we go...
kramer: From pain, will come pleasure.
kramer: Uh? Voila.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Awright, my work is done here.
kramer: (closing the door) Yeah, you can send that bike over any time.
kramer: Ah, I got it.
kramer: (putting the items on the counter) Got the answer, Jerry. Refrigerator problem, is solved.
kramer: Oh, I will. But now, I'm accountable. Alright, I take what I want.
"kramer: Here. I write it down. (he writes) ""One cupcake."" And then I put it in the bowl. (he tears off the sheet, crumples it and drops it into the bowl) There. Very simple."
kramer: No, no. Not mooching. 'Cos at the end of the week, you add 'em all up, and you give me the bill.
kramer: Alright, now look I gotta run some errands, so look. When Elaine comes by with that bike, you hang onto it for me, alright?
kramer: Yes I am. We had a verbal contract. If we can't take each other at our word, all is lost.
kramer: (waving at the bowl) Oh yeah, yeah. Put that on my tab.
kramer: Hey buddy.
kramer: No, that's yours. My half is gone.
kramer: Yeah, I put my half a can here on the tab. Why, what's your beef?
kramer: Well, why not.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Alright.
kramer: Alright, alright. I'll make the necessary adjustments, alright.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Oh. (pointedly) So, how's the neck? Nice and loose?
kramer: (deadly serious) It's a verbal contract. We had a deal.
kramer: Well, my friend Jay Reimenschneider eats horse all the time. He gets it from his butcher.
kramer: Boy, I am really surprised at you. (opening the door) You are the last person I figured would do something like this. I mean, George, yeah, I can see that. Even Jerry. But not you, Elaine...
kramer: I always put you up here...
kramer: ...They're over here. Now you're... aww-whawww.
kramer: (points) Digidi.
kramer: You got that right!
kramer: Oh, great ride.
kramer: What're you talking about?! We had a deal!
kramer: Bed? You should be sleeping on a wooden board for at least a week.
kramer: Well, it's common sense.
kramer: Alright, look. Jerry, you know the whole story, you should settle this.
kramer: Alright, I'm down.
kramer: Newman!
kramer: Uh, yeah.
kramer: No, no, no. Give it to her. I'd rather it belonged to another than see it destroyed. Newman, give it to her, I beg you.
kramer: Sweet justice. Newman, you are wise.
kramer: Well, tell it to the judge, honey. I'm going for a ride.
kramer: (indicating the cereal) Hey, Jerry, if you're gonna be snacking on these, you can't expect me to pay for the whole box.
kramer: (does a double take) Yikes.
kramer: Well, I don't have this kind of cash.
kramer: I'm good for it.
kramer: (opening the door) Alright. I'll get that money for you in five minutes. And, don't eat any more.
kramer: Hey! You're back!
kramer: Yeah, how was it?
kramer: Good for you.
kramer: You killed.
kramer: Unbelievable.
kramer: How much?
kramer: Aw, c'mon.
kramer: I tell you how much I make.
kramer: Just show me the cheque, c'mon.
kramer: I wanna see it.
kramer: (stunned) Whuf! This is unbelievable.
kramer: My god, you're rich.
kramer: I didn't know you made that kinda money. (subdued) Jeez.
kramer: I don't think I can talk to you any more. I feel inferior.
kramer: You know, Jerry, I think this changes the relationship. I mean, I feel it. Do you feel it?
kramer: Well, what're you gonna do with all that money?
kramer: (pleased) Really?
kramer: Well, you should, Jerry.
kramer: Now, you see, that's nice.
kramer: (smiles) Cadillac. Ooh-la-la.
kramer: You're gonna score some big points with the man upstairs on this one.
kramer: Oh, yeah?
kramer: Oh. Yeah, I been getting HBO and Showtime for free. See, they just found out about it, so now they wanna come and take it out.
kramer: Oh, was he? Was he? I guess the cable man doesn't like to be kept waiting.
"kramer: You remember what they did to me ten years ago? ""Oh, we'll be there in the morning between nine and one"", or ""We'll be there between two and six""! (quiet anger) And I sat there, hour after hour, without so much as a phone call. Finally, they show up, no apology, tracking mud all over my nice clean floors. (malice) Now, they want me to accommodate them. Well, looks like the shoe's on the other foot, doesn't it?"
kramer: Oh, you don't wanna get on my bad side.
kramer: Quiet, quiet.
kramer: I'm loving this.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. I know, I know.
kramer: Y'hello.
kramer: Hmm. Well, I haven't had any trouble.
kramer: (playing along) Ohh, is that right? Well, I have been having a little trouble with my call-waiting.
kramer: (sitting back on the couch) Oh, can you? That's funny, because, as it happens, I don't have call-waiting. Seems to me that the phone company would know that.
kramer: Yeah. Could you hold on for a second? I've got something on the stove.
kramer: Hey, McNab!
kramer: Chunnel's on HBO tonight. Why don't you stop by?
kramer: Hello.
kramer: Ohh, it's Hanaran now, is it?
kramer: Oh, you don't say.
kramer: (impressed) Ohh, you're good. You are really good.
kramer: Hey. Super's in my bathroom changing my shower head. Have they changed your shower head?
kramer: Low flow? Well I don't like the sound of that.
kramer: Jerry? Jerry!
kramer: Wha, you too?
kramer: These showers are horrible. There's no pressure, I can't get the shampoo out of my hair.
kramer: If I don't have a good shower I am not myself. I feel weak and ineffectual. I'm not Kramer.
kramer: (leaving) Aw.
kramer: I gotta find another shower.
kramer: They got you too?
kramer: Oh, Elaine. Yeah.
kramer: Look, I need the keys to your apartment, I gotta take a shower.
kramer: There's no water pressure.
kramer: Jerry's got nothing. Newman's got nothing. You're the only one I know who's got the good stuff, and I need it bad, baby, cause I feel like I got bugs crawling up my skin. Now you gotta help me out.
kramer: (halfheartedly) Yeah, well I'm really happy for ya.
kramer: I just took a bath, Jerry. A bath?
kramer: It's disgusting. I'm sitting there in a tepid pool of my own filth. All kinds of microscopic parasites and organisms having sex all around me.
kramer: Jerry, that was superheated water, nothing could live in that.
kramer: Oh, yeah.
kramer: Well, that makes sense. (Offers plate to Elaine) Want some chicken?
kramer: I'm down.
kramer: Power, man. Power.
kramer: That's for radiation.
kramer: (pointing to the largest one) Now, what is this?
kramer: Well that's what we want, the Commando 450.
kramer: He couldn't handle that, he's delicate.
kramer: What?
kramer: Well, don't press the panic button. I'm sure that we can still salvage some sauce..
kramer: (Taking some of Jerry's clothing over to the kitchen) I see..
kramer: Well, why don't you do your material?
kramer: (Looking up, sighs) Well, you better get to work.
kramer: (Looks up) I'm salvaging the sauce. What's the matter with you? (Eats the bread)
kramer: (Moving out into the living room) Jerry, why don't you do a bit on Styrofoam?
"kramer: Well, uh.. (Starts to impersonate Jerry's act) ""What is this stuff? Why do we need this stuff?.. And why do they make it so small..?"""
kramer: It's all attitude.. (Makes a humorous face - mocking Jerry's)
"kramer: Look, it's personalized. (Holds it up, reading) ""The Costanzas"""
kramer: Well, maybe your father would be interested in that.
kramer: (Interested) Oh yeah? Well, maybe I'll go out there and knock a few balls around with him. You know, show him a thing or two..
kramer: So, what's your game? What do you like to play?
kramer: No, nothing doing. Let's, you and me, play a game of straight pool.. hmm?
kramer: Yeah, now and then - you know how it is..
kramer: I'll break.
kramer: (Explaining why they are doing so bad) Well, we're still, uh, learning the subtleties of the table.
kramer: (Judging up his next move) As soon as the game is over..
kramer: Eleven, corner pocket. (Pulls back on his stick, accidentally crashing it into the window)
kramer: Well, listen, if you bring 'em by, maybe we could interest you in a game of pool.. Yeah, Frank here - he's got his own billiard room.
kramer: A billiard room.
kramer: (Confused) What?
kramer: (Snaps) The Place To Be!
kramer: Oh, yeah?
kramer: Really?
kramer: That's good thinking.
kramer: Now this is remarkable. I'm lounging, and yet, my pants remain perfectly creased.
kramer: Come on. Are you sure?
kramer: Alright, come on Frank. It's your shot.
kramer: (Like a professional) Well, that's because you don't know how to follow through correctly.
kramer: Right here, come on, I'll show you.. (Gets behind Frank, holding the pool stick with him) Take hold of your stick.. alright, bring it back slowly..
kramer: Yeah.. (Sizes up his next shot. His stick jams into the window as he draws back) See? This is no good.. (Looks around the room. His sights fall on the Maestro's baton) Hey, the baton. (Chalks it up) I got a hunch, fat man, I can't miss. (Measures up his shot) 13 in the side pocket. (Does just that) Giddy-up. (Moves around to the other side of the board, judging his next move) Six in the corner. (Hits it in) This table's mine. (A series of Kramer's plays are displayed, and, on the last ball of the game..) You know where it's going..
kramer: (Taking his pair off, he inspects them) Aw, beautiful!
kramer: Hey everybody. (to Jerry) Listen, uh, do me a favour, will you? I got a hot date tonight with Connie. Knock on my door, wake me up in twenty minutes, alright?
kramer: No, no, no, no. (comes in) This is evolutionary. I been reading this book, on Leonardo de Vinci. See, that means 'from Vinci', d'you know that?
kramer: Yeah, well, turns out that the master slept only twenty minutes every three hours. Now, that works out to two and a half extra days, that I'm awake per week, every week. Which means, if I live to be eighty, I will have lived the equivalent of a hundred and five years.
kramer: Oh, I got a lot of things in the hopper, buddy.
kramer: (smiling) Oh, I got a hopper. A big hopper.
kramer: Yeah, morning.
kramer: Yeah, what time is it?
kramer: (pleased) Ah, see. (rubs his hands together) I got the whole night ahead of me. (looks at Jerry) Boy, that's a nice jacket, huh?
kramer: Yeah, I like that crest. (he shakes cereal into the bowl) Alright, here we go.
kramer: (pouring cereal) Oh yeah. Most important meal of the day.
kramer: (enthusiastic) Oh, I'm percolating, Jerry. I'm telling you, I have never felt so fertile. I'm mossy, Jerry. My brain is mossy. Listen to this idea. (fetches a spoon from the drawer) A restaurant that serves only peanut butter and jelly. (clicks tongue)
kramer: P B and J's. What d'you think?
kramer: (dismissive) Ahh.
kramer: I am telling you, this woman is strange. She never wants to leave the apartment. It's almost like she doesn't wanna be seen with me.
kramer: (laughing) He he, yeah.
kramer: Oh, I'll be back.
kramer: (quietly) Jerry.
kramer: (quietly) Hey Jerry.
kramer: (prodding Jerry) C'mon buddy.
kramer: You awake?
kramer: W...It's four.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: I'm bored. I got all this free time on my hands, I dunno what to do. You wanna do something?
kramer: You wanna rent a movie?
kramer: Well, what am I gonna do?
kramer: Oh, boy.
kramer: Oh, the one with the crest.
kramer: Well, I, uh, I borrowed it last night and it got a little dirty.
kramer: (laughing to himself) Somehow I dozed off and woke up in a pile of garbage.
kramer: Well, so, look, the cleaner said you could pick it up tonight at six.
kramer: Watch out, boy.
kramer: So, uhm, are you sure you don't wanna go to the movies?
kramer: Oh, it's uh, it's a bold adventure.
kramer: Ooh. Well, this is uh, risky business, huh? I'm all a-twitter.
kramer: HEY!! Sh..! Shii! MAMA!!
kramer: AAH! AAGH!
kramer: God.
kramer: (animated) She tried to kill me Jerry!
kramer: (shouts) Connie!
kramer: I don't know! (building to a shout) But I woke up in the Hudson river in a SACK!! I think she drugged me, but she's a murderer and I'm calling the cops.
kramer: (animated) Well, isn't it obvious? She doesn't want anybody else to have me!
kramer: (to door) Gah!
kramer: (pointing) That's her, officer.
kramer: (animated) What? Sleeping with the fishes? I guess I woke up!
kramer: (sarcastic) Oh, yeah! Yeah!
kramer: Well Bob Sacamano he stayed with me once for a year and a half.
kramer: About some tickets George , you know I'd kill for a peek..
kramer: Euh what...What lot is that?
kramer: Seventy -five bucks a month!
kramer: Oh I'm down.
kramer: (frantically pulling at his doorknob) Thank god you're home. I'm wiped out. I drop my car at Jiffy Park and I forgot to take my apartment keys off the ring. So you got my spare?
kramer: y'did.........phfwelll. Look.. hum..... Can you take me over there?
kramer: Oh Come on Jerry, It's all the way over to twelfth avenue..
kramer: I'm not going to take the bus that's why I got a car!
kramer: Awright I'm gonna get George to pick me up.
kramer: Listen, Can you take me over to the Jiffy Park?
kramer: I like 'em all(still fiddles with the radio)
kramer: (seems to pickup something on the floor) ....'s'this?
kramer: Gawd!!!
kramer: That's a....ca.....ca..........Condom!!
kramer: Wait a minute I need those keys. I wont be able to get into my apartment.
kramer: ...Yeah I like Cadillacs (cautiously) Why ? What you got on your mind?
kramer: Mary Kay uh?
kramer: (to George) Well listen See you later ..thanks for driving me by..
kramer: Oh yeah!!
kramer: Oooooh ...Pops .... Wow!! Spectacular.
kramer: Heeeeeummmrph.... I'm gonna turn in
kramer: Yeah,I had a tough day
kramer: Well ..I don't argue with the body Jerry. It's an argument you can't win.
kramer: Well you can go to your room and read.
kramer: But I'm tired..
kramer: Aah! He's got a girl up there. This quilt is too thin...I know I'm gonna get cold. I don't even fit on this couch. Don't even know if I'm gonna sleep....
kramer: Can I sleep with you?
kramer: Well you got that big comfortable bed and that nice warm quilt.
kramer: Why?
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: Well I......( Elaine pops in at that moment)
kramer: Hi...........What's that?
kramer: Wow.
kramer: Yeaaahmm....
kramer: Ooh Mama...( walks away)
kramer: How do you know he's not wondering the same thing about you?
kramer: What do I mean?.. Well perhaps he thinks that you're working him for the discount. Shaking that little butt of yours into big, big savings.... And then when you get it,you know, you drop him like a hot potato.
kramer: Now see the two of you need to work on trust... and then and only then will there be a free exchange of sex and discounts.. Cornerstones of a healthy relationship....and now if you would (taps twice on the door) excuse us. We need to get to bed.
kramer: (softly)hmmm....patio furniture's on sale.
kramer: It's Halloween (not sure)
kramer: Hey! Elaine..
kramer: These are my friends Jerry and Elaine.
kramer: Yes, she's the costume designer and he's the wig master for the show.
kramer: Well what are we ...dog meat.
kramer: Yeah. See ou later..
kramer: Hey! You gonna let me try the other one right?'
kramer: Hey! Who do you think you're talking to.
kramer: Bye!!
kramer: (looks inside the car and gasps) Ohhh Sweet Maria. Hey! lets go.
kramer: Hey What are you doing in my car? Hey!Hey!Hey! Where you going.
kramer: Cool it lady ( they struggle and we here a siren)
kramer: (cries) I'M NOT A PIMP.!!!.
kramer: Feel this.
kramer: Yeah. It's piquing hot. It's fresh out of the dryer. Hey Elaine you have to feel my pants.
kramer: Oh. All right. You don't know what your missing. I'm loving this Jerry. I am never putting on another piece of clothing unless it's straight out of the dryer.
kramer: Oh yeah. It's a warm and wonderful feeling, Jerry. So what are you doing later?
kramer: Oh yeah she's a beauty.
kramer: Oh bold and beautiful.
kramer: Hey buddy.
kramer: I am looking for quarters for the dryer.
kramer: Because I don't have a table.
kramer: Ah!! I found a quarter. Anybody want there clothes heated up?
kramer: Hey buddy. I am waiting for my shirt.
kramer: I didn't have any quarters for the dryer. Anyway this is better. And it's more convenient.
kramer: And I have a lot more control. I have one shirt going for 10 minutes at 325 degrees.
kramer: I am baking a pie!
kramer: You got cigars, huh.
"kramer: Oh yeah baby. spit, spit. What are these?""Perducto de Peru""Jerry, if you think these are Cubans you have another thing coming."
kramer: You got ripped buddy.
kramer: That's a nice name. Todd Gack. Is that Dutch? (Dingggggg) Oh baby. Here we go. Uh momma.(putting his fresh out of the oven shirt on) Hey George hey.
kramer: I decided to go with the brown one 's. (pants)
kramer: Pisano's. That's the place by the stadium right?
kramer: Yeah. Newman raves about it. It's on his mail route. He goes by there everyday.
kramer: Huckleberry.
kramer: Hey you!
kramer: What happened to Newman?
kramer: Oh yeah right it's raining.
kramer: What time do you need it at?
kramer: No. I got eight tons of change. I'm loaded.
kramer: Hey hold that bus!
kramer: Hey. It's really wet out there.
kramer: I here you make a pretty mean calzone.
kramer: Yeah calzone.
kramer: All right. Lay them on me. I'll take three.
kramer: Hey. That's a big oven. Huh. Listen. I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
kramer: Oh. This is all burned up. Look at this.
kramer: That's all I got.
kramer: I told you this is all I got.
kramer: The guy wouldn't give them to me because I wanted to pay in change.
kramer: He overcooked it. It's ruined.
kramer: You Gack?
kramer: Here's your money.
kramer: Hey buddy.
kramer: (tossing car keys to Jerry) Yeah.
kramer: You shoulda come, Jerry.
kramer: Price club.
kramer: Ah, the steering wheel fell off. I don't know where it is.
kramer: What're you doing. (fetching the bottle from the trash) Don't throw that away.
kramer: You don't pay five cents, you get five cents back. Here, read the label here. (reads from bottle) Vermont, Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York. Refund, (brings bottle up close to Newman's eyes) vrrup, five cents.
kramer: Yes.
kramer: That's Michigan. In Michigan you get ten cents.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: No, it doesn't work.
kramer: Yeah, you overload your inventory and you blow your margins on gasoline. Trust me, it doesn't work.
kramer: No, no, I'm off that.
kramer: Oh yeah. Every which way. Couldn't crunch the numbers. It drove me crazy.
kramer: No, an eighteen-wheeler's no good. Too much overhead. You got permits, weigh-stations, tolls... Look, you're way outta your league.
kramer: Newman, it's a dead-end, c'mon. (Jerry enters) Hey, there he is.
kramer: (to Newman) Aw, that's right, we forgot about those.
kramer: We ran outta space.
kramer: Ah, Tony, he's good.
kramer: (offering the artichoke can) 'Choke?'
kramer: Wha...?
kramer: Look, Newman, I told you to let this thing go.
kramer: (interested) Uh-huh.
kramer: (realisation) Mother's Day.
kramer: A free truck? Oh boy, that completely changes our cost structure. Our G and A goes down fifty percent.
kramer: Newman, you magnificent bastard, you did it!
kramer: Three quarters of a tank.
kramer: That's better than we estimated.
kramer: Ah, no, that's not in the budget.
kramer: That's not a good investment, that's a loss.
kramer: Hey, d'you see that car? Looks like Jerry's. I'm gonna check out that license plate.
kramer: Yeah, those are New York plates.
kramer: I don't know, but that's New York and we're in Ohio. Those are pretty good odds.
kramer: I'm calling Jerry.
kramer: Brought my phone.
kramer: Yeah, hey Jerry, what's your licence plate number?
kramer: Yeah, well I think I spotted your car.
kramer: (checks the car ahead of him) Hey, that's it! That's it. Hey, uh look, we got him. We're driving right behind him in a truck.
kramer: Well we're in the country and we're right on his tail.
kramer: Yeah, don't worry Jerry. We're right on this guy like stink on a monkey! I'll check back with you.
kramer: Yeah, nothing. We're still following him.
kramer: Wait a second, he's getting off. Yeah, he's gonna be going south on the one-thirty-five.
kramer: Alright, alright, I'll follow him.
kramer: Yeah, hey listen, I can't. It's gonna be taking us out of our way.
kramer: Well, I don't know what to do.
kramer: Well, I don't know what to do man!
kramer: Alright! Alright. I'm getting off! I'm gonna go on the ramp.
kramer: This ramp is steep.
kramer: Alright, look, we're pulling too much weight. He's getting away from us here. (indicating) Take the wheel.
kramer: (climbing though into the back of the truck) I'm gonna get something.
kramer: Keep your foot on the gas.
kramer: Look out below!!
kramer: (frustrated) Damn. I don't understand this. I've ditched every bottle and can, and we still can't gain. It's like we're...
kramer: ...sluggish.
kramer: Heyy, wasn't that a pie stand back there?
kramer: Oh yeah. Home-made pies, two hundred yards back.
kramer: Well open the door, you get a better look.
kramer: I'm sorry Newman, you were holding us back.
kramer: (shouting) Jerry! We've lost the fat man, and we're running lean. We're back on track, buddy!
kramer: Jerry, we got 'im. I'm riding his tail. There's no escape. He's running scared, buddy.
kramer: (checks dial) I got enough to get to Memphis.
kramer: He's reaching in back. He's grabbing at something.
kramer: He's pulling out a gun! He's got a gun, Jerry!!
kramer: It's a golf club! It's no gun. He threw a golf club at me!
kramer: Hey, I'm under fire here. (another club hits) I'm under heavy fire here, boy. (another hit) Jeez! That was a five-iron!
kramer: Wait a minute, I think he's done. (peers at the Saab) Oh no, he's taking out the woods!
kramer: (noise)
kramer: (yelling at Tony) You'll have to do a lot better than that!
kramer: This truck is dying. We're losing him.
kramer: I think we lost him.
kramer: (subdued) Yeah, yeah, I'll get 'em.
kramer: What you doing?!
kramer: (takes one look and sets off after Newman) Jeez!
kramer: Hey!
kramer: It's a method, Jerry. It's intense. (Clicks his tongue)
kramer: Yeah, and I'm playing a business man accused of murder.
kramer: (Fixing up his pants) Yeah.. look at this, Mickey. These pants are fallin' apart, huh?
kramer: (Looking over Mickey's shoulder at the script) Yeah, well, I was a different man then.
kramer: (Slightly offended) Hey, I got the body of a.. taught, pre-teen, Swedish boy.
kramer: Now, what are you thinkin'? (Getting upset) You think that I'm not able to wear jeans anymore? Is that what you're sayin'? Because if that's what you're sayin', Jerry, I'll go and I'll buy some jeans. (Jerry shrugs. Kramer raises his voice to a menacing tone) I swear to God I will! (Jerry's showing off a skeptical face.
kramer: Uh, yeah, I bought Dungarees.
kramer: Well, they're slim-fit.
kramer: (Talking fast) Yeah, they're streamlined.
kramer: (Making his way toward the door) What? They just gotta be worked in a little bit, that's all. (Pulling the door shut behind him) Alright, see you later.
kramer: Jerry, you gotta help me!
kramer: I can't get my pants off, and Mickey's audition is in twenty minutes! You know, I'm supposed to be a business man, I gotta be in costume!
kramer: (Bracing himself on a bar stool) Yeah, I already did it. It won't come off. The zipper's suck..
kramer: (Wiggling and floppin) Pull Down
kramer: (Feet off the ground, his body going everywhere on the couch) Wait, Jerry...Wait a minu...
kramer: (Getting Pulled and pulled) I...um...ei...
kramer: (Starts to tilt back onto the couch) You better get me. (Falls back and Jerry starts to him upright) Get me up, Get me up, Get me up.
kramer: (walking toward the door) Look I don't have time to wait, I'm gonna be late.
kramer: You better get the door.
kramer: Hey, sorry I'm late.
kramer: I know, it's a long story.
kramer: (takes a breath)
kramer: (still trying to sit down, says under his breath) I'm trying. {hard to make out}
kramer: Hey
kramer: Oh ya, I think they are starting to loosen up a bit. (Mrs. Anvino come to Jerry's threshold) Oh hi Mrs. Anvino.
kramer: Sure Mrs. Anvino, ya.
kramer: (salutes Jerry on his way out) See you later buddy.
kramer: (waddling after Joey) Joey! Joey!
kramer: (Going to the phone) I don't believe this
kramer: Mickey
kramer: Look, you gotta do me a favor.
kramer: Hey, you owe me. I got you into Actor's Studio. They thought what we did was the scene.
kramer: I gotta go find this kid. So all you gotta do is lay here, pretend you're asleep in case she gets back, here (grabs the covers and throws em over Mickey) keep the covers over ya.
kramer: I'm breaking them in, and they're feeling better.
kramer: Just keep the lights down and your eyes closed. I'll be back.
kramer: Joey, there you are. Hey
kramer: Joey
kramer: I'm the babysitter
kramer: No no look, I was baby-sitting
kramer: (somewhat under his breath) Ya ya.
kramer: Hey! George.....Lily..
kramer: No. No It's Lily
kramer: (lost for words) Well you look like a Lily...
kramer: Hey!! Buddy. I thought of a great invention for driving. A periscope in a car, so you can see the traffic.
kramer: Huh! You make a higher roof.
kramer: why can't you make a higher roof.
kramer: Hey! Did you hear the bank on the corner is offering a 100 dollars if you go in there and they don't greet you with a hello?
kramer: Now what's with you?
kramer: Oh. Come on.
kramer: If a guy saved your life you'd be in love with him too.
kramer: What?
kramer: You stop it man.. you're FREAKING ME OUT!!!
kramer: Hey!
kramer: Hey! wait a second. You didn't say hello.
kramer: No no you didn't ...Hundred dollars.. I get a hundred dollars.
kramer: No, No You said Hey!
kramer: The add said that the bank's gonna pay a hundred dollars if you are not greeted with a hello
kramer: No, I want to speak to the manager.
kramer: Then I'll be back.
kramer: What are you talking about?
kramer: Why?
kramer: But she really looks like a Lily
kramer: Yeah. me neither.
kramer: No , no no no no. Weddings are a great place to meet chicks. I have to be unfettered.
kramer: All right, All right. Lets get down here. You really want to get out of this thing ?
kramer: All right. I got two words for you; Pre-Nup.
kramer: Ask her to sign a pre-nup.
kramer: Because most women when they're asked to sign a pre-nup are so offended they back out of the marriage.
kramer: Get out of here.
kramer: Jerry.... hey Jeannie.
kramer: Remember I told you about the bank?
kramer: Yeah well I went in there and they said Hey!
kramer: Oh! Big surprise ( he leaves frustrated)
kramer: Hey
kramer: Jeannie left?
kramer: Oh yeah! Well that's nice. I'm sure that's right up her alley.
kramer: Nothin'
kramer: No.
kramer: No
kramer: I don't like her.
kramer: That's right I don't like , I never like her from the get-go.
kramer: Everything she thinks. you think. Everything you think she thinks. No I can't take it. I can't take it Jerry. It's too much. It's too much.
kramer: So THAT's how it's going to be
kramer: OH! GOD HELP US!!!
kramer: Yeah. uh..I was in here the other day and I went up to that teller and he didn't say hello.
kramer: yeah., but he wouldn't give me the money.
kramer: (knocks on desk) Is thi oak?
kramer: Pine is good.
kramer: But that's not Hello.
kramer: Uhummm...
kramer: I'll take it.
kramer: Hey!! Frank just called me. Congratulations.
kramer: Look I'm sorry about before....I mean I'm sure I'll learn to like her, Jerry
kramer: C'mon , c'mon what's the matter?
kramer: Oh! Come on.
kramer: (mocking) Too bad you got engaged.
kramer: What happened?
kramer: Poor Lily..
kramer: Well that's weird
kramer: Movie?
kramer: No, no, no, I can't. I got my martial arts class.
"kramer: (pronouncing it ""kar-ah-tay"") Karate, Jerry. Karate. The lifetime pursuit of balance and harmony."
kramer: Jerry, karate is not here (pointing to the ground). It's here (points to head), and here (points to chest), and here (makes a circle with his hands).
kramer: What, she's been away?
kramer: No, I really think you're wrong. We just went to the fireworks the other day.
kramer: Hey. (notices Elaine) What's wrong?
kramer: Where?
kramer: The discount pharmacy?
kramer: Whoa, whoa. Can't? When did that word enter your vocabulary? What, is the job too difficult? (Jerry nods) What, you don't have enough experience? (Jerry shakes his head) Oh, you're not smart enough? (Jerry shakes his head) Where's your confidence? (Jerry shrugs his shoulders) Look, Elaine, let me tell you a story. When I first studied karate...
kramer: Yeah, karate. I had no support. Not from him, not from Newman, no one. The first time I sparred with an opponent, I was terrified. My legs, they were like noodles. But then I looked inside, and I found my katra.
"kramer: Yeah, your spirit, your, uh, being. The part of you that says, ""Yes, I can!"""
kramer: So I listened to my katra and now <vreep> I'm dominating the dojo. I'm class champion.
kramer: Sure you have.
kramer: You follow your katra, and you can do anything. (leads her to the door) Now get out of here.
kramer: That kid is gonna be all right.
kramer: Hey there.
kramer: Okay, Joey.
kramer: No, we're in the same class.
kramer: He almost beat me.
kramer: We're all at the same skill level, Jerry.
kramer: I got carpool. (exits)
kramer: Thanks for the juice box, Mrs. Z.
kramer: Oh, hey.
kramer: Oh, well, I-I-I'm dominating.
kramer: Well, it's not the size of the opponent, Elaine, it's, uh, the ferocity.
kramer: No, no. That's from, uh, Star Trek III... The Search for Spock.
kramer: Yeah, I know Jerry will tell you that The Wrath of Khan is the better picture, but for me, I always...
kramer: I thought you said your mom was meeting us in the alley.
kramer: What's going on? Hey, Timmy, Clara. That was some kind of workout we had tonight, huh?
kramer: Aah! Aah! Mama!
kramer: God!
kramer: Whew! I got whooped. You should have seen the rage in their little eyes. And those tiny little fists of fury. Oh. (notices the Urban Sombrero) What is that?
kramer: Oh I see. (Elaine walks up to him) Woof!
kramer: Well, then I was way off!
kramer: (with his forehead in his hands) Man, I gotta go lay down. You and George going out a little later?
kramer: You know, you oughta go down there and help him out. He's a widower.
kramer: I'm in trouble, buddy. I just met a woman.
kramer: Well, she's Jerry's girlfriend.
kramer: She works in a book shop. Her name is Pam.
kramer: I can't even speak in front of her. (Sits down on the couch.)
kramer: She has delicate beauty.
kramer: And yet, he's my friend.
kramer: Aw, that's beautiful, Newman.
kramer: I thought we were talking about me.
kramer: Confront Jerry? I can't.
kramer: I won't!
kramer: Yeah, I'll be okay.
kramer: Well, I'm sure he'll be sharing his next one with Pam.
kramer: What do you mean?
kramer: Jerry. Uh, can we talk?
kramer: I'd like to talk to Jerry in private.
kramer: Because it doesn't concern you.
kramer: It's Pam.
kramer: I love her, Jerry!
kramer: I love her!
kramer: Oh, she's uh...she's real. She can bring home the bacon and fry it in the pan.
kramer: Oh, and that voice!
kramer: Pam? Oh, it's a beautiful name. (Kramer sits on the couch.) Pam. Pam. Pam!
kramer: Oh, it's incredible. Although, I might replace her tortoise clip with one of those velvet scrunchies. I love those.
kramer: Oh, I know what I want, Jerry.
kramer: Oh, she's a dreamboat. But, you don't like her, so...
kramer: No you can't, Jerry.
kramer: Oh, no you don't.
kramer: What...?
kramer: Huh?
kramer: Huh-yah! (Kramer loses it and runs out past George, who is still sitting in the hallway on a chair.)
kramer: So now he wants her more than ever!
kramer: What am I gonna do, huh?
kramer: What, again with you?
kramer: If only I could say things like that around her.
kramer: Hi. How are you?
kramer: I too am well.
kramer: Do I smell?
kramer: Uh, Pantene.
kramer: Newman! (Elbows him through the books. Newman falls over.)
kramer: Uh, human. It's...human to be moved by a fragrance.
kramer: Her bouquet cleaved his hardened...
kramer: ...shell. And fondled his muscled heart. He embibed her glistening spell...just before the other shoe...fell.
kramer: It's by an unknown 20th-century poet.
kramer: Newman. (On the other side of the bookcase, Newman preens proudly.)
kramer: I'm so happy! My world suddenly has meaning!
kramer: How can you have feelings for him? We're soul mates.
kramer: Jerry, you really think that Pam would want you to be the father of her children?
kramer: George, why couldn't I use the bathroom in that store?
kramer: (frustrated) Wha??
kramer: (impressed) Now, listen, uh. You better not wait. I'll catch you later.
kramer: You know what happens with these? The rollers, they get flat spots on 'em. (hits button several times and whacks it)
kramer: (absently wants to be part of it) Oh, yeah--yeah.. (follows them)
kramer: You want a drink? I'm buyin'.
kramer: Hey buddy! Hey!
kramer: Breakfast. I gotta be in at Brand/Leland by nine.
kramer: Because I'm workin' there, that's why.
kramer: Jerry. I don't know if you've noticed, but lately, I've been drifting, aimlessly?
kramer: But I finally realized what's missing, in my life. Structure. An' at Brand/Leland, I'm gettin' things done. An' I love the people I'm workin' with.
kramer: Oh, no, no, no-no--I don't want any pay. I'm doin' this just for me.
kramer: T.C.B. You know, takin' care o' business. Aa--I gotta go.
kramer: (leaving) I'll see you tonight, huh? (turning back, grabs his briefcase) Forget my briefcase.
kramer: (as he leaves with it) Crackers.
kramer: Wow. Man. What a day. Could I use a drink. (starts getting a drink and ice)
kramer: Just comin' in, an' that phone just wouldn't stop.
kramer: Yeah. Well, count me out. I'm swimmin'. Old man Leland is bustin' my hump over these reports. If I don't get 'em done by nine, I'm toast.. ((takes a swig and reacts))
kramer: Uh-huh.
kramer: Yeah..
kramer: That's nice..
kramer: Well, we're, talkin' now, aren't we?--
kramer: Oh here we go--
kramer: What are you starting with me for? You know this is my crazy time o' year?!
kramer: (grabs briefcase to leave) I gotta go to work. We'll talk about this later. (leaves)
kramer: Jerry. Hey Jerry?
kramer: Yeah, well, I got held up, you know. What happened to your hand?
kramer: The work piled up, I lost track of time--
kramer: You cooked?
kramer: (in pain) Ow! Jeez!
kramer: (Ow!) It's my stomach.
kramer: (putting briefcase down) You know what? You're right. These reports, they can wait a couple of hours. Whadda say we go out tonight? Any place you want.
kramer: You got it, buddy.
kramer: Elaine!
kramer: What did you want to see me about, Mr. Leland?
kramer: Well, I ah.. been havin' trouble at home and uh.. I mean, ah, you know, I'll work harder, nights, weekends, whatever it takes..
kramer: Well, I'm uh, just--tryin' to get ahead..
kramer: I don't even really work here!
kramer: I wouldn't walk over there.
kramer: It's the most dangerous part of the sidewalk. Cab hops a curb, wap! You've had your last egg sandwich.
kramer: I'd much rather get hit by an 80 pound air conditioner than a two ton cab.
kramer: Much rather take it to the head, Like I did in '79.
kramer: Don't really remember.
kramer: You get the tickets?
kramer: Death Blow When someone tries to blow you up, not because of who you are, but for different reasons altogether. (Jerry buzzes up George) Jerry, do you think you can get an extra ticket for my friend Brody?
kramer: Yeah, I know, but he's a big fan of the genre. You know I'd consider it a personal favor to me.
kramer: Uh, listen, do you want me to stay here until George gets up?
kramer: There's no problem, really.
kramer: Brody's in.
kramer: Well, you better get on the horn.
kramer: There's Brody. Brody! Over here.
kramer: Brody, c'mon. He's just kidding. He's a joke maker. Tell him, Jerry.
kramer: All right, here we go, Death Blow. (Brody takes out video camera)
kramer: Relax, he does that all the time.
kramer: He's making a copy of the movie for sale on the street, hum?
kramer: But I want to--
kramer: Well, it's a perfectly legitimate business.
kramer: It's a business.
kramer: He's a friend of a friend. You know Corky Ramarez up on 94th Street? One day he and I are playing Pachinco--
kramer: Man, we're missin' the Death Blow!
kramer: Go get 'em, Death Blow! (To Brody) You okay?
kramer: Well, it's no wonder. You ate that entire bag of candy.
kramer: Jerry, if the man is in pain...
kramer: Okay. Let's everybody just relax. Jerry, take the camera.
kramer: (To Brody) C'mon, let's go.
kramer: Hey man, so how was the rest of Death Blow?
kramer: Yeah, who got the final Death Blow, 'cause I thought that Hawaiian guy, he had it comin' to him!
kramer: He's quite a character, isn't he?
kramer: I got it. Yep.
kramer: Come on up. It's Brody.
kramer: Jerry, you did him a favor. He probably wants to come up and thank you.
kramer: It's your first time. He'll understand.
kramer: Hey, Brody!
kramer: Uh yeah. It's under the couch.
kramer: Look at you! You've got another gig! Uhh.
kramer: But you have a gift. Jerry, this is not your little comedy act. We're talkin' feature films.
kramer: Sure, do you need a glove?
kramer: (laughing) The French guy fell off his bike. Oh man, that's precious. (eats popcorn)
kramer: That's fine.
kramer: It's about a guy buying a loaf of bread.
kramer: Wha? Where?
kramer: Nah, nah, he's not going to know the difference.
kramer: So you'll do the movie? (Jerry watches the movie Kramer shot - we hear Kramer, on the tape say 'Ah man, I sat in gum')
kramer: Right here. (Elaine enters)
kramer: (He shows her) This umpf thing.
kramer: No, no. That ain't dancing, Sally.
kramer: You stink. (He exits)
kramer: I know, Jerry. It's okay. (Jerry steps aside) Yeah, look, Brody. Uh, Jerry wants to do the bootleg. He's dyin' to do it. But if you don't make him happy, the work suffers. And then, nobody's happy.
kramer: Jerry...
kramer: Jerry!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Listen, man. You gotta shoot this movie for me. Brody, he's a reasonable man, but he's insane!
kramer: Jerry, George got arrested.
kramer: Yeah. He went down at the Beackman, he tried to lam, but they cheesed him.
kramer: Well, I ah, gotta give him something. Come on, where's that tape I shot?
kramer: Jerry, she taped over the whole ending! (Brody enters)
kramer: Uh, yeah, yeah. Here it is, Brody. One copy of Cry Cry Again.
kramer: Although the whole story kinda comes apart at the end there.
kramer: Yeah, it's a disturbing image.
kramer: Well, I really miss the Bermuda Triangle.
kramer: Oh, there's action. There's plenty of action. That damned alien autopsy is stealing all the headlines.
kramer: See, what they gotta do is loose a plane or a Greenpeace boat in there. See, that would get the triangle going again.
kramer: What would be the point in taking the water?
kramer: No. It belongs to the British.
kramer: So, what do you think about that alien autopsy?
kramer: I think so too.
kramer: Hey, you got to get this thing fixed.
kramer: Would you like a refund?
kramer: Would you be interested?
kramer: Would you?
kramer: Yeah, yeah.
kramer: I I I
kramer: Well hello Photo store Sheila.
kramer: No, no. Your not playing the game.
"kramer: She goes to these lengths to entice you and your only response is "" Gee I really like your picture. Would you like to go out on a date with me please. """
kramer: George. It's the timeless art of seduction. You got to join in the dance. She sends you an enticing photo, you send her one right back.
kramer: Well as you know I've always been something of a photog.
kramer: Hey you got it.
kramer: That's right. Now it looks like it was broken during shipping and I insured it for $400.
kramer: You can't get a refund. Your warranty expired two years ago.
kramer: It's just a write off for them.
kramer: They just write it off.
kramer: Jerry all these big companies they write off everything
kramer: Do you?
kramer: But they do and they are the ones writing it off.
kramer: Oh yeah. Elaine was a fun project. I enjoyed working with her.
kramer: Uh no. Look at this. Okay yeah this looks good and I like what your wearing.
kramer: No, no. You're stoked. The camera loves stokedness. Look were not going to do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable. The key word is tasteful. Now I want you to relax and have fun because your a fun guy. All right let's do it. Okay come on. Feel the beat. Feel the beat. You know you got some real strong pecks but it's hard to tell under that T-shirt.
kramer: I don't know it's up to you.
kramer: It might be. I mean whatever you want.
kramer: That's it George. Come on, come on. Give it to me. Come on,work it. Work it. Yeah be a man, be a man.
kramer: You are a lover boy!!
kramer: Mail fraud. Your in a lot of trouble buddy.
kramer: Yeah let me borrow your scarf.
kramer: Yeah. All right one chart coming up.
kramer: Bennette right?
kramer: I like what you've done with that.
kramer: Yes, yes. I am Dr. Vanostran from the clinic. I need Elaine Benes chart. She's a patient of mine and she's not going to make it. It's uh very bad very messy.
kramer: That's correct.
kramer: From The Hoffer-Mandale Clinic in Belgium.
kramer: The Netherlands?
kramer: No.
kramer: I don't know. But now they got a chart on me.
kramer: Yowza yowza. Check it out.
kramer: I expect you both to be there.
kramer: Well neither am I.
kramer: I'm not, I'm running it.
kramer: Well Lomez, he usually runs it but he's in the Everglades.
kramer: Oh yeah yeah yeah. Orthodox, Jerry. Old school.
kramer: Yeah, Frank Costanza, he's getting me a room at his lodge. So Jerry, you know I'm really counting on you to come to this.
kramer: No, Jerry, look I'm cooking all the food myself.
kramer: Do you like tsimmis?
kramer: Well, he came by to pick up his check for the banquet hall. You know I got a hundred and eighty-three responses? Oh, it's gonna be a rager.
kramer: Yeah, you're right. That's a lot of pupkitz. Hey Frank, you know anybody who can help me cook?
kramer: What's the matter with him?
kramer: Shell-shocked?
kramer: I got three kitchens going. I got brisket going at Newman's, I got kugel working at Mrs. Zamfino's, this is kreplach. Here, try some of this.
kramer: Eat, eat! You're skin and bones.
kramer: Hah?
kramer: Jerry, it's kreplach. It's an acquired taste, yeah.
kramer: The recipe was for four to six people; I had to multiply for a hundred and eighty-three people. I guess I got confused.
kramer: Well I also dropped it on the way over. Look I'm in trouble, I got no skills. I can't peel, I can't chop, I can't grate. I can't mince! I got no sense of flavor, obviously. You know, I gotta talk to Frank.
kramer: No I gotta talk to him, I know that he can help me, Jerry.
kramer: My stuffed cabbage!
kramer: C'mon Frank, I need you. I mean the war was fifty years ago.
kramer: Alright, what happened, Frank? What is it that you can't get over?
kramer: What happened?
kramer: Frank, you were a boy too. And it was war. It was a crazy time for everyone.
kramer: Frank, now listen to me. Two hundred Jewish singles need you. This is your chance to make it all right again.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh yeah, come on in, Frank.
kramer: Keflon.
kramer: Ya know these latkes are going like hotcakes.
kramer: You know Frank, you could take a break.
kramer: Hey. Well. (proffers the envelope) This was downstairs for you. Ker-ching.
kramer: Oh, you didn't hear? Jerry's a big star in Japan.
kramer: Yeah, the Super Terrific Happy Hour.
kramer: Hey, Jerry, you need any new furniture?
kramer: (getting a bottle of water out of the fridge) Yeah, well, Elaine's new boyfriend, you know. He's giving me this oversize chest of drawers. It's a Farbman.
kramer: Oh, no, no, no. Not the Sunshine Carpet Cleaners?
kramer: They're a crazy religious cult. The carpet cleaning is just a means for them to get into your apartment.
kramer: Hello, twelve dollars.
kramer: (takes camera) Oh, yeah, sure.
kramer: (to tourists) Hey, are you folks from Japan.
kramer: (points over to Jerry) You recognise that mug?
kramer: That's the funny face that greets you at the beginning of the Super Terrific Happy Hour.
kramer: Ah, yeah. Yeah, that's him.
kramer: Well, I don't know. But something super terrific, I'm sure.
kramer: Oh yeah, very funny. And it wouldn't be impolite to laugh at his antics.
kramer: Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Because everybody laughs at Jerry here in America.
kramer: (reads) Three hundred dollars. Hey, Mr Oh, how much would these run you in Tokyo?
kramer: (shocked) Thirty thousand?! These are practically free.
kramer: Giddyup. You're a cowboy now.
kramer: Konichi-wa. Yeah, it's a gift from my Japanese friends. (sits beside Jerry) They're known as gift-givers. And tonight we're going dancing at the Rainbow Room.
kramer: Well, Jerry, they're Japanese. I mean, that TV you watch, that sushi you eat, I mean, even that kimono you wear. Where to you think all that money goes, hmm?
kramer: That's right.
kramer: Well, they recognised Jerry from the Super Terrific Happy Hour. See now, you should be doing your own show in Japan. Now, they get you.
kramer: (to George) Alright, what'd you do with that pilot you did.
kramer: That's right, I think that had marvellous production values.
kramer: George is right, Jerry. See, here, you're just another apple, but in Japan, you're an exotic fruit. Like an orange. Which is rare there.
kramer: (to Jerry) Hey, man.
kramer: Uh, well, we, uh, we had to leave early. There was a, uh, slight monetary discrepancy regarding the bill.
kramer: Uh, listen, uh, can I borrow some pillows?
kramer: Well, I'm sorry, Jerry, we all don't have checks rolling in like you do.
kramer: Well, they ran out of it. Manhattan can be quite pricey. Even with fifty thousand yen.
kramer: Evidently. (To Elaine) Oh, by the way, tell Brett that his chest of drawers are a big hit. My guests are very comfortable in them.
kramer: Jerry, have you ever seen the business hotels in Tokyo? They sleep in tiny stacked cubicles all the time. They feel right at home.
kramer: (smiling) Oh yeah, yeah.
kramer: Goodnight, Mr Tanaka.
kramer: Goodnight, Mr Oh.
kramer: Goodnight, Mr Yamaguchi.
kramer: Rice Crispies. East meets West, Jerry.
kramer: (opening the fridge) Sayonara.
kramer: Here you go. Snap, crackle and pop.
kramer: (loudly) Good morning, Mr Oh. I gotta make up the drawer.
kramer: Hey, George. How about that tour, huh? These guys are ready to run the bases.
kramer: (quietly) Ah, listen, George, what else can I do with these guys? Now, bear in mind, they're a little light on the yen.
kramer: (snaps his fingers) That's perfect. (to the Japanese) Hey, how would you guys like to watch Super Terrific Happy star Jerry Seinfeld?
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah. (feeds tape into VCR) Well, you guys just watch the tape and, uh, I'll get you some food.
kramer: (shouts) Hey, peanuts!
kramer: Heyy! Look who's here.
kramer: (beckoning to George) Come on, I want you to come in here.
kramer: There you are.
kramer: Uh, no, I let 'em sleep in.
kramer: I'm on my way to cash in their plane tickets for them. They need a little food money.
kramer: No, well, I set their alarm. But they did have a lot of sake in that hot-tub.
kramer: Awe check it out.
kramer: Roger's can't sell chicken around here, we got chicken places on every block.
kramer: Well, (rubs hands) I gotta meet Newman at the pet store. Helping him pick out a turtle.
kramer: Yea, yea.
kramer: What?
kramer: Oh the red. Yeah, Its the chicken roaster sign. You know, its right across from my window.
kramer: They are shut. Oh by the way, your friend Seth, he stopped by.
kramer: Yeah, he was fired.
kramer: Its killing me, I can't eat, I can't sleep. All I can see is that giant red sun in the shape of a chicken. (gets some cereal from the cubard and pours it in a big bowl)
kramer: Ah, they gave me the heave ho. You know, I don't think that Kenny Rogers has any idea what's going on down there.
kramer: Getting some cereal
kramer: That looked like milk to me! Jerry my Rods and Cones are all screwed up! Alright, that's it.  I gotta move in with you Jerry.
kramer: Alright listen to me, I got a great idea. Now, you're a heavy sleeper, right? Why don't we just switch apartments?
kramer: Jerry these are load bearing walls, they're not gonna come down!
kramer: I may have to drive that place out of business.
kramer: Like we did in the sixties, takin' in to the streets.
kramer: Hey, stay away from the chicken. Bad, bad chicken, mess you up.
kramer: Jerry Im so glad we switched apartments. It was a perfect solution.
kramer: What, Mr. Marbles? He's harmless.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: What is that Roger's Chicken? Oh get that outta here.
kramer: Well I'm boycotting it.
kramer: What is that, hickory?
kramer: Really?
kramer: Oh stop it. (he slaps Newmans shoulder) Whats the matter with you.
kramer: Mmmmm.
kramer: You should sleep with him.
kramer: Oh yea, I like this idea. (sounding very much like Jerry)
kramer: That was a close one.
kramer: Because if Jerry finds out that I'm hooked on Roger's chicken I'm back there with the red menace.
kramer: So Heather called?
kramer: No, but this is all very exciting. (sounding very much like jerry)
kramer: Well there is the possibility that you've gone right out of your mind.
kramer: I'd look again. So ah, how come you didn't call Jerry about all this?
kramer: Hmm. That's a shame.
kramer: Newman, what took you... ah hey, hey
kramer: Oh, shh, Kenny Roger's? Whew, boy, I hate that place.
kramer: Oh
kramer: (laughs) Oh hey, you know Elaine, ah she stopped by...
kramer: ... Yeah dropped off that Bob Sacamano hat. Oh she's ah, upset at him, oh yes siree. Yeah well thanks for stopping by.
kramer: Oh you don't want to think about that no sir. Otherwise I'd have no choice but to put that banner back up and eh, he-he-hwow, run that Roger's right out of town.
kramer: Yeah, yeah go ahead yeah, put the banner up doesn't matter to me.
kramer: No Jerry! I - I need that chicken, I gotta have that chicken. Now you leave those roasters alone. Kenny never hurt anybody.
kramer: Oh I got a big problem Jerry!
kramer: (his mouth is very full) Kenny? ... Kenny?
kramer: (quietly and staring across the street) Kenny .... Kenny ....... Kenny
kramer: Hey, buddy. How was career day?
kramer: They're trying to screw with your head.
kramer: Why does Radio Shack ask for your phone number when you buy batteries? I don't know.
kramer: No, come on. (Larry the cook comes over)
kramer: Come on, Larry. You know me.
kramer: What, did they kick you out too?
kramer: Hey, you got any matches?
kramer: Thanks. (Kramer leaves, phone rings)
kramer: Ashtrays?
kramer: Ooh, cereal bowls.
kramer: All right, thanks. (Kramer leaves)
kramer: Need some more matches.
kramer: I met some people smoking on the street, so I invited them up to my apartment to smoke.
kramer: Well somebody had to. You know, just because a person's a smoker, that doesn't mean he's not a human being.
kramer: Well you can confine them, you can punish them, you can cram them into the corner, but they're not going away, Jerry.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: All right, I'll see ya Bill. All right, I got room for two, but the only thing I have is in the non-filter section. (Jerry enters) Hey.
kramer: Oh yeah, people really seem to be enjoying themselves. You know, they come in once, it's like they're addicted. (Katie enters)
kramer: Hey buddy.
kramer: Hey, you should come over. Tonight's pipe night.
kramer: What? (Kramer checks it out.) My face is all craggly, it's crinkly.
kramer: Emphysema, birth defects, cancer. But not this. Jerry, my face is my livelihood. Everything I have I owe to this face.
kramer: Look away, I'm hideous.
kramer: Jackie we gotta talk.
kramer: But Jackie--
kramer: Jackie, I think I gotta case against the tobacco companies.
kramer: The tobacco companies.
kramer: No, it didn't say anything.
kramer: So Jackie, do you think we gotta case?
kramer: Who could love me?
kramer: Bye-bye. Jackie, you did it. We're rich.
kramer: It was a great lunch, Jackie. Thanks.
kramer: Mrs. Wilkie, from the tobacco company called me. We had a little pow-wow.
kramer: She made an offer. I took it.
kramer: No, no, no. There was no money.
kramer: Check it out. (They see a Marlboro man billboard with Kramer on it)
kramer: Well, it's coughing, Jerry. It expells the diseased germs out of the body, into the air. (Makes a guesture of germs being in the air)
kramer: Yeah, well, uh, Newman. He's - he's got it.
kramer: Yeah, and I rented out half that space to Newman. (Starts coughing again)
kramer: (Looks at the bags on the floor) Evidently.
kramer: (Coughs) Hey. How's everybody? (Moves to the kitchen)
kramer: Ehh.. (Picks up a carton of food) No expiration date on this.. (Opens it, then starts coughing directly onto the food)
kramer: (Shrugging it off) Nah, no, no, no. No doctors for me. A bunch of lackeys and yes-men all towing the company line.. (Looks at Jerry, then leans in so Elaine can't hear) Plus, the botched my vasectimy.
kramer: (Complaining) I'm even more potent now!
kramer: (Like a teacher) The Andrea Doria collided with the Stockholm in dense fog 21 miles off the coast of Nantucket. (Makes a clicking sound with his tongue)
"kramer: it's in my book - ""Astonishing Tales of the Sea"" 51 people died."
kramer: There were 1,650 survivors.
"kramer: Oh yeah. I also got ""Astounding Bear Attacks"""
kramer: Yeah, oh, yeah. Yeah, he's not gonna do it. (Leaves)
kramer: Ok, hold on there.. That's a nasty cough you got there, huh?
kramer: (Between coughs) Hey.
kramer: (Petting Smuckers) Yeah, this is Smuckers. I borrowed him. (Starts coughing)
kramer: (Pointing at the dog) Yeah, we share the same affliction, so I'm gonna have a vet check us out.
kramer: Oh, I'll take a vet over an M.D. any day. They gotta be able to cure a (Snaps his fingers in rhythm with his words) lizard, a chicken, a pig, a frog (Stops snapping) - all on the same day.
kramer: (Smiling) You bet we are! Huh, Smuckers? (Smuckers coughs. They turn to leave) I'll see ya.
kramer: Well, uh.. it hurts when he swallows. Expecially when he drinks orange juice. (Vet gives him a look) I mean, uh.. dog food.. juice. (Adding) What's worse - he has a nagging cough. (Smucker's coughs) Yeah, that's it. That's it.
kramer: (Offended) What? No. That's disgusting..
kramer: Yeah, yeah. (Pulls a bottle out of his pocket) I got some pilss. They taste terrible.
kramer: (Gestures to his throat) No, my throat's too tender.
kramer: I don't want to!
kramer: (Squirming) Jerry! What?!
kramer: (Struggling) Hey!
kramer: Whe have the same symptoms.
kramer: No, no. No doctors.
kramer: Where are you going?
kramer: I don't know..
kramer: I don't see any tissues back her.. (Looks out the windows) Wait a minute!.. (Jerry looks like he's trying to keep something from Kramer) This isn't the way to the park! (Starts getting even more energetic) Where are we going?.. I recognize this block! (Looks at Jerry, scared) You're taking me to the doctor!
kramer: No, Jerry!
kramer: No! Don't!
kramer: So, I noticed you bounced a check at the bodega.
kramer: Because Marcelino, he taped it up on his cash register with all the other bad checks.
kramer: That's caged heat.
kramer: Hey, Kurt. Taste these eggs.
kramer: Yes! These are sweatshop eggs.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: What's up?
kramer: Oh? What's she in for? (putting groceries in the fridge)
kramer: Well, not here.
kramer: Okay (lifting the bag and carrying it into the apt.)
kramer: Well, it's chicken feed. (Slams the bag into Jerry's fridge.)
kramer: Yeah, I bought a chicken.
kramer: Cage-free, farm-fresh eggs.
kramer: No (throws hand in the air and turns and looks back at Jerry)
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh, Jerry loves the morning.
kramer: Little Jerry Seinfeld. I named my chicken after you.
kramer: Of course it is. I picked it out myself.
kramer: Well, that would explain Little Jerry's poor egg production.
kramer: Yeah (quietly)
kramer: Yeah (again quietly)
kramer: Ah, well, this is Little Jerry Seinfeld.
kramer: Look, can't you take Jerry's check down?
kramer: Hey, hey Jerry, come on. Sorry.
kramer: Oh yeah (quietly)
kramer: Yeah, Well, it comes down if Little Jerry Seinfeld wins the cockfight.
kramer: Well, Marcelino, he has cockfights in the back of his store.
kramer: Yeah, so he says if Little Jerry Seinfeld wins, the check comes down.
kramer: Only in The United States.
kramer: No, Jerry, it's not what you think it is.
kramer: What?
"kramer: Well, I thought they wore gloves and helmets, you know, like ""American Gladiators."""
kramer: Yeah, well, I left him with Marcelino!
kramer: My Little Jerry! (Runs out.)
kramer: Oh well, he's more than O.K., he won!
kramer: Yeah, well I couldn't get there in time to stop it, but you should have seen Little Jerry, Jerry! Flappin' his wings and struttin' his stuff! He was peckin' and weavin' and bobbin' and talkin' trash! He didn't even have to touch him! The other rooster ran out of the ring. The whole fight lasted two seconds.
kramer: Five seconds. And Marcelino says he's taking your check down today.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Hey, Little Jerry won his cockfight.
kramer: Who?
kramer: Well, that's out of the question.
kramer: Yeah, if you got a loser. But Little Jerry was born to cockfight!
kramer: You know, I think you're jealous.
kramer: Never! You hate him because he's doing more with your name than you ever will! Yah-yah! (Kramer leaves.)
kramer: O.K.!
kramer: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Boy he's lookin' good, huh Jerry?
kramer: I'm just gonna heat this up. Make a little hot-tub for Little Jerry.
kramer: Ohh, He's got a big sweat going. (Takes an envelope out of his pocket.) Oh, this came for you express-mail. It's from your parents.
kramer: There's Marcelino. (Marcelino enters the ring holding a huge white rooster.)
kramer: That looks like a dog with a glove on his head.
kramer: Little Jerry's going to get his clock cleaned. I gotta get him outta there.
kramer: Ahhh, uh, uh, uh, ohuh, aaaa ouh au au au ah ah (more pecking) ah, ah, ah, Ah.
kramer: Well, that was alright, huh?
kramer: Well, um, goodnight.
kramer: (quietly, to himself) Look at this.
kramer: (to Jerry) Man, that Emily is wearing me out.
kramer: No, no, no. It's not the sex, Jerry. (noticing Morty and Helen) Heyy! Seinfelds.
kramer: Oh yeah? What about?
kramer: What'd you get for it?
kramer: Yeah, that def jam is a force.
kramer: Y'know you've given this comedy thing your best shot. Yeah, you had some good observations, but it's over. Now, this Bloomingdale thing, that could be the next wave.
kramer: Elaine. Uh, you got a moment?
kramer: I, uh, need to speak to you about some lady problems.
kramer: (a little anxious) You know, after I have sex with Emily, uh, I don't want her in the bed any more.
kramer: Yeah, because she's throwing off my whole sleep. She's got the jimmy legs.
kramer: Jimmy leg.
kramer: So, uh, well, maybe I should just be honest with her, huh?
kramer: Well, I'd say it nicely.
kramer: Well, you know, I really like this girl and I, you know, I think if I could just work out this one thing...
kramer: Well you're not exactly zeroing in yourself, lady.
kramer: Shh, shh.
kramer: Oh yeah, like strawberry pie.
kramer: I know it's not what the ladies like. But without some solid sack time, I'm a zombie.
kramer: (pleading) Aww, c'mon, man. Meet me halfway.
kramer: I know.
kramer: Hey, where's Jerry?
kramer: Aw, okay. (picks up the phone and starts dialling) Yeah, I need his shoeshine kit. (still dialling) He always hides it from me. (puts the phone to his ear and waits for a second or two) Yeah, Bally's? Yeah, Jerry Seinfeld's room, please.
kramer: I used to have a problem. (into phone) Well, what d'you mean, he's not registered? Wha..S, E, I, N, V...
kramer: ...F, E, L, D. (half-laughing) Well, I think you're wrong. (listens) Alright, you have a lucky day, too.
kramer: No, they never heard of him.
kramer: That was alright.
kramer: (abruptly) Well, I'll see you.
kramer: (hesitant) I uh, I was thinking maybe I should spend the night.
kramer: (surprise) What?
kramer: I do?
kramer: (fearful) There was a man, he was trying to get into my apartment last night. He was jiggling the doorknob for twenty-five minutes.
kramer: No, no, no. It was a fearless cat burglar. (pleading) Now listen, you gotta let me sleep here, huh? Y'know, I'll stay here on my side, and I'll stuff a sock in my mouth. (panicky) 'Cos I don't wanna sleep alone.
kramer: Mornin'.
kramer: Oh, boy.
kramer: I had some trouble at my place, so I need a little company at night to sleep.
kramer: Uh, George, your parents can't blow through their savings in this community. It's low-rent. Now, we feel that Florida is really the place where they should be.
kramer: Hey Frank, you got two beds in here.
kramer: So, you sleep in separate beds.
kramer: (intrigued) Really?
kramer: You can get that in your arms?
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah. I got Emily coming over tonight.
kramer: I don't know why I let you talk me into that corned beef at Snitzer's.
kramer: (dismissive) Yeah.
kramer: (moody) Oh, why do I have to go? They're your friends.
kramer: I've had it with 'em.
kramer: (yielding) Okay, okay. What time?
kramer: (satisfied) Ahh. That was alright.
kramer: Checking out the staff picks, Miss Benes?
kramer: Oh, Vincent is an art-house goon. I stick to the Gene rack.
kramer: (indicates 'Gene' shelf) I've seen all these, so I went with a Kramer pick.
kramer: Yeah, went straight to video.
kramer: (positive) That makes me the premiere.
kramer: Jerry, have you ever seen the movie The Other Side Of Darkness?
kramer: It's about this woman, in a coma. Well, I couldn't finish watching it, so I want you to read this.
kramer: Can you do that for me, buddy?
kramer: Well, I'm gonna type it up.
kramer: Yeah, but, Jackie Chiles, he put a restraining order on me. (frustrated) I'm not allowed within two hundred feet of his office. I couldn't even give him his Christmas present.
kramer: Oh, hey, new racquet, huh?
kramer: (picking up Jerry's old racquet) Well, you're not gonna need this any more.
kramer: (explaining) Oh yeah, I put all your zees on the weights and measures page.
kramer: Hey. Right, I talked to this lawyer guy, Shellbach. Now, he's gonna set me up, but you gotta come with me and be the executor.
kramer: I don't wanna be a vegetable, Elaine. I just want out. (snaps fingers)
kramer: Look, just tell him you had sex with his wife. That'll kill him.
kramer: Look, George, just think about it. You know, you're married, how would you feel if somebody says to you that they just had se...
kramer: (picking the racquet up) Did you take this out of the garbage?
kramer: Oh, Jerry, this is a piece of junk. (drops racquet in the trash) How are you gonna be the executor of my living will?
kramer: (indicating) You see? You can't let go.
kramer: I wish I could believe you. Hey, Elaine, do you have some free time tomorrow afternoon?
kramer: Yeah, because you're perfect. You're a calculating, cold-hearted businesswoman. And when there's dirty work to be done, you don't mind stomping on a few throats.
kramer: Well, would I be able to communicate?
kramer: Huhh, yeah, let's pull the cord.
kramer: Well, I gotta have a central nervous system.
kramer: Naw, that's not my style.
kramer: (hesitant) Uhm...
kramer: Yeah, yeah. Stick. (to Elaine) 'Cos I could still go to the coffee shop.
kramer: That's a lotta yearning, huh?
kramer: Yeah, well, what you need is some summertime adolescent high jinx.
kramer: (looking at 'Gene' rack) See what doctor Gene prescribes, huh? (pulls down a cassette) Oh, here, look at that. Weekend At Bernies Two. Now, that's an hilarious premise.
kramer: Yeah. (taps the Weekend At Bernie's II box)
kramer: (approving) Yeah.
kramer: Nothing, I'm gonna finish watching The Other Side Of Darkness.
kramer: Yeah, about two hours.
kramer: Yeah, she shot in that coma pretty quick.
kramer: Hey. Oh, Jerry, listen uh, you know, I saw the rest of that movie, The Other Side Of Darkness? The coma lady wakes up at the end.
kramer: I didn't know it was possible to come out of a coma.
kramer: (shouting back) Oh, unforgettable.
kramer: (nervous) I gotta find Elaine. Y'know, she's gonna pull my plug.
kramer: Yeah, listen, uh, Elaine, I've changed my mind about the whole coma thing. (positive) Yeah, I decided I'm up for it.
kramer: (indicating that cars should pass him) Well, go around, you bunch of crazies. You maniacs are gonna get us all killed.
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm Cosmo Kramer. Yeah, I had an appointment to annul my living will.
kramer: (waving) Shellbach.
kramer: Racquet.
kramer: (screaming) Waahhh!!!
kramer: Hey! Anybody up for Lorenzo's pizza?
kramer: Oh, yeah? Huh. (Turns to George) Hey, George! Pizza? Yum, yum!
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Alright, so there I am at Lorenzo's - loading up my slice of the fixin's bar.. garlic, (imitates the shaking of garlic onto a pizza) and what-not.. mmm, mmm.. and I see this guy over at the pizza boxes giving me the stink-eye. (Imitates the 'stink-eye') So I give hime the crook-eye back, (Imitates the 'crook-eye') you know.. Then, I notice that he's not alone! I'm taking on the entire Van Buren Boys!
kramer: Oh yeah, and they're just as mean as he was! So, I make a move to the door, you know, (makes a noise) they block it! So, I lunged for the bathroom. (demonstrates) I grab the knob - Occupado! Then they back me up agains the cartoon map of Italy, and all of the sudden, they just stop.
kramer: Because I'm still holding the garlic shaker.. Yeah.. like this (grabs Jerry's peper shaker, and demonstrates) I'm only showing eight fingers.
kramer: That's their secret sign! See, Van Buren, he was teh eighth President.. (Holds up 8 fingers) They thought I was a former Van B. Boy!
kramer: And they made it their sign, because, Van Buren, our 8th President, was the man they most admired.
kramer: You know, if you like that one, I got more.. what are you looking for? Romance? Comedy? Adventue? .. Erotica? (Clicks his tongue)
kramer: My whole lot?
kramer: (Thinks) 1500 dollars.
kramer: (Excited) Done!
kramer: Okay.. (To Elaine) Well, I, Uh.. I like to work in the evenings.. (Elaine slumps back, and covers her head in misfortune)
kramer: Well, I'm on the phone with Bob, and I realize right then and there that I need to return this pair of pants. So, I'm off to the store.
kramer: Well, nothing. His part of the story is done. (Elaine covers her face with her hands - showing her difficulty coping with Kramer) So I'm waiting for the subway, It's not coming, so I decided to hoof it through the tunnel.
kramer: Well, I don't know if I lost track of time - or what, but the next think I knew..
kramer: No, I slipped - and fell in the mud. Ruining the very pants I was about to return.
kramer: Well, I guess I was..
kramer: Elaine, are you listening?! I didn't even get there! (Pauses) All right, next story..
kramer: Yeah, yeah, chew on that.
kramer: Oh, hey, listen, by the way - I'm hosting a little get-together tonight in honor of my little financial upturn..
kramer: Elaine, you should be there to document it.
kramer: Yeah, but get there after nine. You know, give the poeple a chance to loosen up.
kramer: (To George) Uh, No, no, no.. you go ahead. I gotta get my thoughts together.
kramer: (Adding) Jerry, she's a loser. (George points to Kramer - gesturing that he's right on target)
kramer: (Like a parent) Well, I still like the Bloomingdale's executive training program for him.
kramer: Well, you know, I think it's something he should consider.
kramer: Listen, George, all these issues are interrelated.
kramer: All right, so what're you saying? That we're wrong? Oh, everybody's wrong but you!
kramer: Which one?
kramer: Yeah, well, you got that straight! (Turns to Elaine) Hey, Elaine, try the beef - because that's realy au jus sauce, huh. (Dramatically) Real au jus sauce!
kramer: Yeah?
kramer: Ohh kay! Well, you know, I had Bob Saccamano on the phone, and I suddenly realized that I- (Elaine stops him)
kramer: What do ya mean?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: But I did sit in mud.
kramer: (Pleading) I was all dirty!
kramer: (To crowd) Hey, hey, hey! All right! Yeah, uh, yeah.. well.. Uh, the pants. they, uh, they fit, uh, well - and so I, uh, decided I wasn't gonna return them! (Laughs) Wooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
kramer: What? You're gonna go now? Hey, woah! I don't.. (watches his friends leave)
kramer: (Frantic) Kramer, Kramer! I got big trouble with the - with the Van Buren Boys.
kramer: Hey, now, they're tough cookies.
kramer: Uh.. ah, (Looks over at Elaine, and realizes he can't tell the Van Buren Boys story) Oh, nothing - nothing.. No, I certainly don't have any stories, if that's what you're implying. (Laughs heartily)
kramer: Yeah, well, uh.. you know uh, you didn't hear from me, but, uh, the Van Buren Boys - they never hassle their own kind.
kramer: Oh, hey! Hey, have I told you about my bunions? Oh, you're gonna love this story! (Rubs his hands together) So, I line up my cold cuts on the couch next to me, but as I'm stacking them up, they keep falling into my foot bath! (Jerry and Elaine look disgusted)
kramer: Damn!
kramer: Oh, I bought a bunch of bunion stories from Newman - but they all stink!
"kramer: Eight bucks! I think I got ripped off! (Leaves, yelling out ""Newman!"")"
kramer: Mister Peterson, you gotta sell me my stories back!
kramer: Yippie-yi-yay!
kramer: Look how dark it's gettin' already.
kramer: When does it start?
kramer: Uh. Well, I'm sick o' waiting. (pulls out his pocket-watch (it has a chain, too)) I am springin' ahead riiight now.
kramer: Oh now, don't tell me you're still mad at him for calling you a phony. Jerry, that was five years ago!
kramer: Hey! Mike!
kramer: (quickly) Ah no no no. No bets for me, I uh, I got a disease.
kramer: You kidding? It's all water near a bridge.
kramer: (pulling out his timepiece) Oh yes. Uh.. it's aaalmost six.
kramer: (suddenly entering) Hey, oh--listen. Did you get my ticket from Allison--
kramer: All right! Yeah.. Courtside.. Whoa! Don't let this girl get away..
kramer: (All right.) (to Jerry) Ah? Oh, by the way you owe Mike a hundred dollars.
kramer: Well I put a bet down for ya on tonight's game. Yeah, if the Knicks beat the Pacers by more than thirty-five? It pays ten to one. Oo-oo! That's some sweet action!
kramer: Well, I couldn't do it I got a gamblin' problem.
kramer: (impatient sigh) You don't have a problem.
kramer: (comes in, subdued) Hey. (grabs a water from refrigerator)
kramer: No. I was kicked out for fightin' with one of the players. (leaving)
kramer: (stops) W--Reggie Miller.
kramer: Yeah. (leaving)
kramer: (stops again) Well, first of all, for some reason, they started the game an hour Late. And uh, I was sittin' next to Spike Lee an' he an' Reggie were jawin' at each other, so I guess I got involved. (leaving)
"kramer: (stops again) Well I.. ran out onto the court an' threw a hotdog at Reggie Miller. ""Involved."" An' they threw meee, an' Reggie, an' Spike out o' the game."
kramer: Well I, well I, felt, pretty bad about everything an' uh, then the three of us, we went to a strip club. (leaves)
kramer: (suddenly comes back, excited) The Knicks killed 'em a hundred an' ten to seventy three!
kramer: No, Jerry--that's thirty-seven points! The Knicks covered! You won! See, that's a cooool-G, Daddy-O--now you gotta let it riiiide!
kramer: (real addict) Ah, come-on, Jerry--I don't wanna lose this feeling. Hey--let's go down to the O.T.B. We'll put some money on the ponies. (getting out pocket-watch)
kramer: (looking at watch) Ssssh--ah! They just closed!
kramer: Allison. Hi. Uh--listen I'm really sorry about what happened at the game last night. Listen--could I have a ticket tonight--'cause the Rockets are in town an' that, Hakeem Olajuwon? Ohhh--he's got a real attitude.
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, he--uh--visits the guy across the hall from me like every ten minutes.
kramer: (quiet, delicately) Allison spoke to me, and um. She wanted me to speak to you.
kramer: We all know that this relationship isn't working. So Allison an' I think that the best thing to do is just.. make a, clean break.
kramer: (reasoning) We just don't think you're ready for a serious relationship!
kramer: (dismayed) So what am I in this for? You know, I'm getting to a point in my life where I need something more than just.. a good time. (is tearing up)
kramer: Wha--me? No! No. But she is.
kramer: George, we're sorry.
kramer: (leaves, upset) Waaa-aa--aa! I'm sorry--
kramer: Mike's outside. He wants to talk to you.
kramer: Because he's scared, Jerry.
kramer: (sighs, opens door) Come on in. Did you do this? (Mike has two hand casts on)
kramer: Uh--ah--ah! You broke his thumbs.
kramer: Oh, is that what you call it when, Somebody doesn't Pay Up?
kramer: Nuh! Okay Jerry, how about if Mike fixes your truuunk, we call it even, an' this way, nobody has to get hurt.
kramer: See that was nice, Jerry. (under breath) Oh, by the way, I'm the one who broke your trunk.
kramer: (looking down, nodding) Hi.
kramer: Yeah, yeah..
kramer: Ooo, yeah.. (indicating his face, embarrassed) (Heh, right.) You know, it's gettin' kind of late, I, I really have to be going, so, uh, it's nice seeing you again, all right--
kramer: George, it's over. It's just.. It's Over. (leaves)
kramer: (opens door) Uh--George, uh--uh--it's five o'clock in the morning, what's the matter with you..
kramer: Huh?
kramer: Oh. Oh, George.
kramer: (regretfully) Uh.. I know I'm gonna regret this. (sigh) All right.
kramer: All right, all right, I'll see ya later. (shuts door)
kramer: (happy, enthused) We're takin' George back--
kramer: He's gonna make us very happy.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Oh, Allison, she didn't want to come.
kramer: Well, yeah, I did, but she's a tough nut. How d'ya like the tuxedo. It's a rental but I've had it for fifteen years. All right, eh. (heading in)
kramer: The Ball, silly.
kramer: George. I thought you were gonna Change.
kramer: (light admonishing, under breath) Let's just try, an' have a nice time for once, an' we'll talk about this when we get home..
kramer: Oh, I'm with him.
kramer: Hey. Look at this. I'm in the passing lane of the Arthur Berkhardt expressway, going seventy and (makes impact sound - pckergh!) Dragged this thing for five exits.
kramer: Well I was draughting behind a semi. I didn't wanna lose him. The infrastructure, Jerry, it's crumbling.
kramer: Well, look at that. A talking Nixon.
kramer: Well, I'm a poppa.
kramer: (handing Jerry a cigar) Well, as of today I am a proud parent of a one-mile stretch of the Arthur Berkhardt Expressway.
kramer: Yeah, I'm part of the solution now Jerry. Yeah, I went down there and I checked it out this morning. Here, take a look. Mile one-fourteen.
kramer: Aw, I'm beaming Jerry.
kramer: They try to push you into using their cleaning crew, with all their so-called maintenance equipment.
kramer: Yeah, well that's why I'm doing it all myself. This parenting isn't about delegating responsibility, it's about being there.
kramer: Quality time.
kramer: C'mon, retrace your steps. What d'you do today?
kramer: Right.
kramer: Sure you can. (to Jerry) Such a sweet kid.
kramer: (shouting after car) Hey Jerry! Yeah, I'll see you back at the house!
kramer: Mile one-fourteen, clean as a whistle.
kramer: Hey, you should see the Berkhardt, Jerry. My mile is spotless. I mean the big stuff was easy. Cinderblocks, air-conditioners, shopping carts (makes sound - fzup!), I just rolled 'em into the woods.
kramer: (holding up a sign) Speed limit, one hundred and sixty-five miles per hour. See? They slipped a one in there. (laughing) Those kids with the spray paint, God love 'em.
kramer: Hey, you need some roadwork done? 'Cos I met some maintenance guys today on the highway, they could probably help you out.
kramer: Oh yeah, yeah. I borrowed some cones from them when I was sweeping my car-pool lane.
kramer: Oh yeah, yeah. Give me a ring tomorrow. I'm gonna be at emergency callbox seven-eight-four.
kramer: I need the yield sign.
kramer: You could've introduced me.
kramer: Hey ah.
kramer: Oh, I'm making a difference Jerry.
kramer: You should see the smiles on the drivers' faces. I mean, you gotta look quick, but they're there.
kramer: Well, you know, those annoying little bumps on the lane-lines? (makes noise - bum, bum, bum, bum, bump)
kramer: Well, I had to pull 'em up if I'm gonna widen the lanes.
kramer: Ah, you know how in planes they got first class? More leg room, better ride? Well, I'm bringing that concept to mile one-fourteen.
kramer: Well you black out lane-lines one and three, and a four-lane highway becomes a two-lane comfort cruise. (to Jerry) So, you got any black paint?
kramer: That stuff is unbelievable. I'd eat it out of a dumpster.
kramer: Well, Newman uses his mail truck to run fish for China Panda on the weekends.
kramer: Now, where's that tool shed of yours?
kramer: Huh, yeah. (looks round) Oh, sweet setup. Elaine, d'you have any paint thinner? I need like uh, forty gallons.
kramer: Oh man, if I don't get that black paint off the City's gonna go ape. I don't wanna lose my baby!
kramer: (holding up a set of heavy chains) I'm gonna borrow this, huh?
kramer: Bugger!
kramer: Double bugger!
kramer: Hey buddy. What're you doing out here?
kramer: Man, did you see that fireball? Woo-hoo-hoo, hoo-hoo.
kramer: Hey, I gotta skedaddle. You wanna lift?
kramer: Newman! Newman!!
kramer: Well, I'll meet you at the coffee shop.
kramer: Look what I got for you, for your Florida trip. Crazy Shirts was closing 'em out. I got a dozen for a buck.
kramer: Saved a fortune. Look at that. Heyy.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Okay, look, uh, when you're in Florida, can my cigar guy drop off some Cubans for me at your parents' house?
kramer: Aw, c'mon man. Help a brother out.
kramer: Yeahh. I owe you one.
kramer: Yeah, hello, Jerry's place.
kramer: I said Cubans. What'd you think I meant?
kramer: Jerry, Cuban cigars are illegal in this country. That's why I got these guys.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. I got investors all lined up.
kramer: Hot and spicy.
kramer: Yes I am.
kramer: Damn!
kramer: Jerry, I just picked up the Cubans at the bus station. (shrill) What's going on!?
kramer: (animated) They're not real Cubans. They're Dominicans.
kramer: So, Jerry, if my investors don't get Cubans, the whole deal's off.
kramer: Jerry, once you've had real Cubans, there's just nothing else like it.
kramer: Yes, yes. The quality, the texture, the intoxicating aroma. These guys don't have it.
kramer: Jerry, your palate's unrefined.
kramer: Is too.
kramer: Is too.
kramer: Are too.
kramer: Are too.
kramer: Are too.
kramer: (nervous) Okay, well, uh, I'll uh, I'll get the Cubans.
kramer: They're right out here.
kramer: Hey, here they are. The Cubans. Real Cubans.
kramer: (fidgety) Oh, now, come on. Look at these boys. If they were any more Cuban, Castro would've smoked them himself. Huh.
kramer: (puzzled) I think so.
kramer: Well, yeah, yeah. But they also rolled for his brother... (thinks for a second) ...Dennis.
kramer: Uh, Dwayne.
kramer: (shrill) What!?
kramer: (quietly) Hey, Jerry.
kramer: (noise - like shivery) Datiditadit.
kramer: No. (indicates with his head) (noise again) Ditadidatidat.
kramer: (indicating with his thumb) Dijadidatjd. There.
kramer: (urgent) No, no. Don't look. Don't look.
kramer: Over there. The Dominicans.
kramer: Well, it didn't quite work out, and now I've got nothing for them to do.
kramer: So, I taught 'em all about Cuba, and they really took to it. You know, Marxism, the Worker's Revolution, the clothing.
kramer: (nervous) Yeah. I'm a little worried. When there's no work, and the people get restless, who do you think they come after? (pointing to himself, shrill) El Presidente!
kramer: These Dominicans really know their way round a crepe. Look at that. It's like they're rolling a double corona.
kramer: (to one of the guys) Just a cigar made outta bisquik, huh, Guillermo?
kramer: (looks over at the three guys) The Dominicans are rolling them too tight. (regretful) Uhm, well, that's why you gotta get real Cubans.
kramer: No, pool. I just swam 200 laps.
kramer: Look at hose babies [hands]. They're prunes. I saw Conrad going up to oyur place.
kramer: Who, Damien? Nothing, just a mischievous, rambunctious kid.
kramer: got problems Jerry.
kramer: Well I had been swimming for three hours and I was in a real grove so I decided to keep going. But at ten they start the aquasonics Thirty-five geriatrics throwing elbows. It was like I was swimming through a flabby armed spanking machine.
kramer: A half hour then diving class started. Well that got a little messy. I gotta find a new place to swim 'cause that pooll can't hold me, Jerry.
kramer: What's that guy's last name again?
kramer: Oh, that's right.
kramer: Oh, no no no no I'll take it. Why don't you come over. Let's see if it will fit in my bedroom.
kramer: My old one sprung a leak.
kramer: Sand! It's like sleeping on the beach.
kramer: Jer.
kramer: Well my swimming pool problems are solved. I just found myself miles and miles of open lanes.
kramer: That's East River.
kramer: Technically Norfok has more gross tonnage.
kramer: I saw a couple of other guys out there.
kramer: Floating, they weren't moving much. But they were out there.
kramer: Oh man, I'm on the wrong floor again.
kramer: Hey, you know what I think it is? I think it's that East River. I think it might be polluted.
kramer: It is very obtrusive.
kramer: You can't get a stool in here.
kramer: No, that's no good. I'm leaving.
kramer: Oh, hey,
kramer: Hal, .. uh Langerhans.
kramer: Oh, Kitzmiller. That's right
kramer: Oh, I'm jiff.
kramer: Oh, listen I gotta get to the pier. The ferry traffic is really bad around four thirty. Look, I still got the key to your apartment and I'll get it back to you as soon as I can.
kramer: Yeah, sure, um, oh boy, . . .
kramer: That's it.
kramer: Oh, we go back a ways.
kramer: That's right.
kramer: No, no. She put a stop to that.
kramer: Oh yeah. Exercises every muscle in the body. It's great for the back.
kramer: Four hours in this chop and I'm a full inch taller. . . . Giddyup.
kramer: What's going on?
kramer: He just sunk like a stone.
kramer: Hey, watch where you're kicking!
kramer: Elaine
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Elaine, all right, who looks better in this shirt? Me or Mickey?
kramer: Tell me about it. We just picked up two women at the Gap.
kramer: Well, you too seem to have the same taste.
kramer: Well I have the same shirt.
kramer: Oh. (Waiter approaches table)
kramer: I live for Merlot.
kramer: I don't believe that.
kramer: Why were you holding the door open for?
kramer: Well, I thought it was a nice gesture. But I guess I was wrong!
kramer: I don't even know their names! Look, why don't you just take the one that was on the left?
kramer: Oh, everybody's your type.
kramer: You've been married three times.
kramer: Come on, let him go. You want throw? Let's throw!
kramer: All right, so we let the girls decide.
kramer: Yeah, I wanna wear that shirt next time.
kramer: That's right, 'cause they already saw it.
kramer: What are they doing here?
kramer: All right, all right. Now what're we gonna do?
kramer: All right, I'll take Julie.
kramer: All right, I'll take Karen.
kramer: All right, which one is Julie? (They walk over to the table and fight over who sits where) Hey, you ladies look lovely tonight. (Continue to struggle)
kramer: Well, I gotta do somethin'.
kramer: (Confused) No, Mickey and I, we can't work it out. You know, I'm thinking of asking that Karen out by myself.
kramer: I was, but the one I thought was Julie turned out to be Karen.
kramer: Hi.
kramer: Got a minute?
kramer: Sure.
kramer: Hi.
kramer: So, I'll uh... all right. (Hangs up)
kramer: No, Julie. She's the one.
kramer: Well, Mickey and her have a lot more in common. you know her parents are little people?
kramer: Oh yeah, and vice versa. Mother Nature's a mad scientist, Jerry.
kramer: Those people, listen to yourself.
kramer: You think that dentists are so different from me and you? They came to this country just like everybody else, in search of a dream.
kramer: Yeah, and you're an anti-dentite.
"kramer: You're a rabid anti-dentite! Oh, it starts with a few jokes and some slurs. ""Hey, denty!"" Next thing you know you're saying they should have their own schools."
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: I just assume not sit next to you.
kramer: (To Mr. Abbott) How ya doing?
kramer: Uh, hey buddy.
kramer: It all right if I keep these here for a while? I'm having a New Year's Eve party.
kramer: No, Jerry. New Year's Eve nineteen ninety-nine. The millennium. I told you about that.
kramer: You're not gonna see 'em. I got a case of party poppers I'm gonna keep in front of 'em.
kramer: What, we talking hirachis? I know a great store for hirachis.
kramer: No, no. Cinqo de Mayo. (leaving) Yeah, Marcellino, he turned me on to it, and he's one sixty-fourth Mayan.
kramer: Yeah, I'm gonna keep these here too, huh? They'll be alright. (begins to leave)
kramer: (at the door) Well, those aren't for New Year's. Those are my everyday balloons.
kramer: You think people will still be using napkins in the year two-thousand? Or is this mouth-vacuum thing for real?
kramer: It's pronounced thermometer.
kramer: You know, in the year two-thousand, we'll all be on speed-dial. You'll just have to think of a person, they'll be talking to you. It'll be like, wup (judders and puts his hands to his temples, as if receiving a call on a 'mental phone') getting a call here.
kramer: (to Jerry and George) Hey, it's Newman. (to 'mental phone') Hey, how you doing, Newman?
kramer: (to 'mental phone') Oh, you wanna talk to Jerry?
kramer: So Jerry, my millennium party's really coming together. Will people be able to breathe underwater in the year two-thousand?
kramer: (crumpling a piece of paper) I don't wanna exclude anybody.
kramer: Elaine, I'm having a millennium party, so save the date.
kramer: Newman?
kramer: (reads) Come celebrate the millennium, with Newmanniun. Newman!
kramer: Well, I just got your invitation to the Newmanniun party.
kramer: (getting worked up) You knew I was having a millennium party, but you just had to throw yours on the same day!
kramer: Yeah, well you're gonna have to cancel it, because I've told everybody about my party.
kramer: (worked up) Well, what am I gonna do? I got over two hundred folding chairs, and quite a bit of ice.
kramer: Cubed.
kramer: I gotta invite Jerry. He's my buddy.
kramer: Jerry... Newman... Two-thousand...
kramer: (yells) Newmanniun!!
kramer: (whimper) Jerry?
kramer: Yeah, yeah, I know. (he clicks off the TV) Listen, Jerry, I can't let you come to my New Year's party.
kramer: (agitated) I mean, it's killing me! Newman's got the jump on the invites, and will crush me if I try to go it alone!
kramer: (swung by Jerry's argument) You're right. I won't do it without you. I feel so ashamed I even thought of it, huh.
kramer: (pleading) Elaine, you can't go to Newman's Newmanniun.
kramer: No, no, no. You gotta spend New Year's nineteen ninety-nine with me and Jerry.
kramer: (frustrated shout) Oh come on!!
kramer: (triumph) Yesss! Alright, so it's you, it's me, and it's Jerry, huh. (claps hands) Yeah, now things are starting to snowball, huh. I'll tell Newman I don't need him. So, I'll uh, see you two in the twenty-first century.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Can do.
kramer: Hi, I'm H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy American industrialist uh, looking to open a silver mine in the mountains of Peru and uh, before I invest millions in a lucrative mine, I, I'd like to go a little native. Uh, Get the feel of their condiments, of their unmentionables, you know, the real uh, gritty-gritty.
kramer: Well uh, I think I can just browse around on my own.
kramer: (re the chips) Hmm, Macchu Picchu. Are these free?
kramer: Hmm-mmm.
kramer: Oh, not a problem.
kramer: L'Occupado.
kramer: Elaine, I broke the price-gun, so I had to move to plan B.
kramer: (holds up some small white sachets) I took these out of every single garment in the store.
kramer: They're dessicates. See, they absorb moisture. (gleeful) These clothes won't last five years without 'em.
kramer: Patience.
kramer: What?
kramer: (emerging from the changing room) Well, I don't mind if I do.
kramer: Well, I've uh, I've changed my mind. I think I'm going to build a rollercoaster instead.
kramer: I don't know what Elaine is so upset about. I mean, without dessicates, those clothes'll be noticeably musty in five years.
kramer: Oh, well I guess she found some place better to go.
kramer: Well, maybe so, but come midnight, when she's looking for someone warm and cuddly to kiss, I guess you'll be caught between the moon and New York City.
kramer: Jerry too, of course.
kramer: Deal?
kramer: (grasps Newman's hand) To the Kramennium.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Hi.
kramer: Well he's in the shower. You want me to get him?
kramer: Well let's sit down.
kramer: Vaguely.
kramer: You put my life's stories in his autobiography?
kramer: Oh no. Sure. It matters. Wow. I've broken through, huh. I'm part of popular culture now. Listen I've got to thank Mr. Peterman.
kramer: Waldenbooks? That's a major chain huh.
kramer: He Jerry, I'm going to waldenbooks.
kramer: All right, let's go.
kramer: Hey buddy. Remember me?
kramer: Yeah, I'm just here to do my part. What's your name darling?
kramer: I'm the real Peterman.
kramer: Relax man. There's enough juice here to keep us all fat and giggley.
kramer: I have a right to be here. These are my fans. Hey you're hurting my elbow.
kramer: So get this. Peterman has his henchmen forcefully eject me from the book signing like I'm some kind of a maniac.
kramer: What's the matter with you?
kramer: No, no, no. Don't give me that. I know you. Something's wrong. What is it.
kramer: What did you do?
kramer: Don't you know you're not supposed to poke around down there.
"kramer: (high pitched voice) ""Well women do it."" I'll tell you what. I'll pick you up a sundress and a parasol and you can just (high pitched voice) sashey your pretty little self around the town square."
kramer: Listen to me. You don't tell anybody about this. No one. You hear me?
kramer: Hey, Jerry shaved his chest.
kramer: I forgot. Wait. Never mind.
kramer: (yelling up at Jerry) Hey Jerry.
kramer: (yelling) I'm starting a Peterman Reality Bus Tour. Check it out. Hahaha.
kramer: Here you go, here you go, check it out.
kramer: Peterman's book is big business. People want to know the stories behind the stories.
kramer: I'm only charging $37.50, plus you get a pizza bagel and desert.
kramer: Bite-size Three Musketeers. Just like the real Peterman eats.
kramer: No. I eat those. I'm the real Peterman.
kramer: Talk to me.
kramer: Understand?
kramer: Hey Jerry. What is this? Lady Gillette? What's going on?
kramer: What are you doing to yourself?
kramer: You can't keep this up. Don't you know what's going to happen? Everytime you shave it, it's going to come in thicker and fuller and darker.
kramer: Is it? Look at this.
kramer: (high pitched voice) Look at it! Look at it! And it's all me. I shaved there when I was a lifeguard.
kramer: Won't it? Or is it already starting to happen?
kramer: Comming up on the right, if you glance up you can just make out my bedroom window. It's the one that's covered in chicken wire.
kramer: (over the speaker) Well that's your opinion.
kramer: Forget it. Okay Newman's postal route is around here somewhere.
kramer: Ahh. Everyone just settle down. We have three hours left on this thing, and I can't drive and argue with you rubes all at the same time. Okay. Lomez's place of worship is right on the right here.
kramer: Jerry you're a minor celebrity. If you go on this thing, it could create a minor stir. Bring that girlfriend of your and I'll only charge to 60 bucks.
kramer: All right, I've got to hose the puke off the floor of the bus.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yeah there are a few seats still available.
kramer: Well, if they don't mind sitting in the back.
kramer: Are they war veterans?
kramer: All right ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Peterman Reality Tour...
kramer: And go we will.
kramer: We have a bonus reality stop today. We will be hauling muffin stumps to the local repository.
kramer: And we're off.
kramer: I was going to dump this.
kramer: Well it's muffin stumps
kramer: This is a garbage dump. Just let me dump it.
kramer: Is this a joke?
kramer: (gets back on the bus, yelling) Well maybe I will take it up with Consumer Affairs. Ladies and Gentlemen you're in for an additional treat. We're going to extend the tour at no extra charge.
kramer: (looking at a map) I don't know. (over the speaker) Uh, no more questions.
kramer: Don't worry. I've got a good feeling about this dump.
kramer: I don't know where the tops are.
kramer: Jerry what's the matter?
kramer: Hey Jerry, you got any Tums?
kramer: I drank too much water in the shower.
kramer: Oh, the Tony's. I'll see you there buddy.
kramer: Roger that.
kramer: Well, all over the place. Yeah, I'm a seat filler. They don't like to see empty seats on TV so when somebody gets up I just park my kaboos on their spot until they get back.
kramer: Mickey, Mickey he hooked me up. He's a member of the academy.
kramer: Well, he didn't say (leaves).
kramer: Are you leaving? Cause I got you covered.
kramer: I'll just squeeze in...
kramer: My job. What are you doing?
kramer: You know, if they catch two of us on TV, you got some explaining to do.
kramer: (to woman next to him) Pemmican turkey? Come on take a bite...well more for me.
kramer: Whooa, good morning gentleman and Tony says hello to you.
kramer: Jerry, it was a whirlwind. They whisked us backstage, the media is sworming, champagne is flowing...whooo! I can't describe how great it is to win.
kramer: Featuring the mind-blowing performance of Ms. Raquel Welch!
kramer: Aah, Jerry I'm not gonna let you bring me down from this high. I've been partying all night. I saw the sunrise at Liza's!
kramer: No.
kramer: (shouts to the telephone) Hi George!
kramer: So, what's George doing?
kramer: So listen, I'm going to crab a bite to eat at Sardi's. You wanna go?
kramer: The Tony is taking me to Sardi's.
kramer: I'm going.
kramer: Oh, thank you, thank you so much. I have so many people I want to thank and don't want to forget anyone...
kramer: ...so I said to him Arthur, Artie come on, why does the salesman have to die? Change the title; The life of a salesman. That's what people want to see.
kramer: Hey, eh, Lew!
kramer: No.
kramer: Anything...
kramer: Oh yeah, she's fantastic....
kramer: So, you'd like me to teach how to dance?
kramer: Because they're terrified of her. I heard from someone that when they cut one of her lines, she climbed up the rope on side of the stage and started dropping lights on peoples heads. Story like that has got to be true.
kramer: Jerry, you're not in show business. You don't know what these people are like.
kramer: Oh, come on! What am I gonna do? She's going to eat me alive.
kramer: Yayaya...
kramer: Cat fight?
kramer: Yeye cat fight!
kramer: T-t-t-t...
kramer: Ms. Welch.
kramer: Well, I'm Cosmo Kramer, I'm one of the producers.
kramer: Well, I- I Ms. Welch I do need to talk to you about a little problem regarding, eh, your performance.
kramer: Well, it seems that due to the vagaries of the production parameters of this fragmenting of the audience to the cable television, carnivals, water parks...
kramer: Well, you're fired because you don't move your arms when you tap dance, you're like a gorilla out there I've gotta go...
kramer: So how's George?
kramer: Tony.
kramer: Raquel Welch!
kramer: The woman is a menace.
kramer: Yey eye ca-catfight.
kramer: Well, that's good news.
kramer: Yeah, that's weird.
kramer: I'd like to get some coffee.
kramer: You got any shredded coconut?
kramer: Yeah, yeah, right. (walks out)
kramer: Yeah, this is better. So, you got any shredded coconut?
kramer: D-d-d-d. I gotta switch shaving creams. I'm getting no protection.
kramer: Whatever you get.
kramer: Don't tell me she's dragging another poor guy across Europe.
kramer: Oh, the face-painting auto mechanic. So she's dating him again, huh?
kramer: Boy, a month in Europe with Elaine. (whistles) That guy's coming home in a body bag.
kramer: Hey, what are you doing?
kramer: Did you see Bania's set last night? 'Cause I read on the Internet he killed.
kramer: Jerry, you gotta give him some credit. (starts rubbing a stick of Jerry's butter across his face) You're just being totally ridiculous. (keeps rubbing) I'll see you later buddy.
kramer: What?
kramer: I ran out of butter so I had to borrow yours. Anything else, Mr. Nosy?
kramer: I'm shaving with it.
kramer: Jerry, it's vastly superior to any commercial shaving cream. The shave is close and clean, and the natural emolients keep my skin silky-smooth. Now feel my face.
kramer: Feel it.
kramer: Feel it. Feel it.
kramer: Hey! They hooked me up.
kramer: I'm shaving with it, and you know what I discovered?
kramer: No, my face feels so good, I'm gonna use it all over my body.
kramer: Oh, man. I think I cooked myself.
kramer: Stick a fork in me, Jerry. I'm done.
kramer: I'm fried.
kramer: Well, I just gotta keep my skin moist so I don't dry out.
kramer: No, I read an article in Bon Appetit magazine. (grabs a baster) I'll see you later.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: How you doing? (Kramer leaves)
kramer: Just a few more squirts. Cause I gotta stay juicy.
kramer: Yeah, it's baked on in. Hey, put another stick of butter in.
kramer: Yeah, stir it up so it melts.
kramer: Oh yea that feels good. Ahh, now I'm simmering.
kramer: Jerry, what are you doing? George tells me you're gonna throw your set?
kramer: Whoa, man!
kramer: Oh, tough crowd.
kramer: Well, that wasn't so bad, huh?
kramer: No, you had some good stuff. The cancer bit? I mean, it was edgy, it was not my sort of thing but some of those people out there, they really liked it.
kramer: Well, that guy who yelled out.
kramer: And laughter is the best medicine.
kramer: Hey, Jerry, he could have used your laugh. He was a big turkey out there.
kramer: A big fat turkey.
kramer: I tell ya, he worked so hard and then he just--
kramer: What is this, oregano?
kramer: Look at me! I'm all covered in oregano and Parmesan, and it's sticking to me because of the butter! Look at me!
kramer: What is this, parsley?
kramer: Ah you bit me. Get off of me, get off of me!
kramer: Hello!
kramer: (doing the voice) La la la.
kramer: Look at this, they are redoing the Cloud Club.
kramer: Of course its a good idea, its my idea. I conceived this whole project two years ago.
kramer: You see I come up with these things, I know theyre gold, but nothing happens. You know why?
kramer: (interrupts) No, notime! Its all this meaningless time. Laundry, grocery, shopping, coming in here talking to you. Do you have any idea how much time I waste in this apartment?
kramer: Here we go; now she comes in. Now my whole day is shot!
kramer: Hoochie moochie. (haha)
kramer: (still reading the paper) Man, 2.9 percent financing on a Toyota Onedun (Sp?). That was my idea too!
kramer: So thats the bedroom. Heres the bathroom. If you need to, you can familiarize yourself with the kitchenYeah, go ahead and look through some of the drawers.
kramer: Yeah, thats Jerry, you dont have to worry about him. Why dont you go across the hall and get started on that mail.
kramer: Hes a go getter!
kramer: My intern from NYU. Well, you remember my corporation, Kramerica Industries.
kramer: Well, apparently NYU is very enthusiastic about their students getting some real world corporate experience.
kramer: Well, this will really free up my time so I can focus on more important things, like my bladder system.
kramer: Jerry, its not for people, its for oil tankers.
kramer: You see the idea is for a rubber ball inside the tanker so if it crashes, the oil wont spill out.
kramer: (smiles) yeah.
kramer: Yeah, 5.
kramer: What? When did this happen?
kramer: (yelling) DARREN!
"kramer: Sorry I couldnt get out of there, what did I miss? (asking his ""intern"")"
kramer: Uh huh
kramer: Boysenberry, the kid is still learning.
kramer: Yeah, well nothing before noon.
kramer: Yeah, your phone is line one.
kramer: Dean Jones, you wanting to talk to me?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: I know it sounds pretty glamorous, but its business as usual at Kramerica.
kramer: And with Darrens help, well get that chicken.
kramer: Well, I have to say this seems capricious and arbitrary.
kramer: I dont know. I found them in your closet. Ever since Darren left I havent been able to find anything. He took all my clothes to some cleaners. Im clueless. (looks at clock) Is that clock right?
kramer: I was supposed to pick up Newman at the zoo twelve hours ago.
kramer: Jerry, buddy, I got to tell you something. That voice is played.
kramer: So played.
kramer: Darren? What are you doing here? The college canceled the internship.
kramer: Kramerica is no more.
kramer: Probably. Darren, you go home. Forget about Kramerica.
kramer: Well, youre still here?
kramer: Well, I havent changed my mind.
kramer: Well, you are a tenacious little monkey. Alright, Ill do it. Kramerica industries lives! Lets get back to work!
kramer: Lets see what Jerry has to eat.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: Its a tank of oil. Darren and I are finally going to test out my bladder system.
kramer: No. No. No. Its for oil tankers. All I need to do is fill some sort of rubber container with oil and then drop it to see whether or not it can restrain the impact.
kramer: Conceivably.
kramer: Did you bring the video camera?
kramer: You gave up the voice?
kramer: Whew. You know Darren, if you would have told me twenty-five years ago that some day Id be standing here about to solve the worlds energy problems, I wouldve said youre crazy Now lets push this giant ball of oil out the window.
kramer: Bombs away (Uh oh).
kramer: Well, that didnt work. Hey, how about thisketchup and mustard in the same bottle?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Darren is going away for a long long time.
kramer: (doing the voice) La la la.
kramer: Hey.
kramer: (Laughing) What is that, a new bit?
kramer: I'll do it.
kramer: Yeah, I love going to the country.
kramer: (Holding camera) Get in a little closer. I can't see the screen door. (Takes picture) Perfect.
kramer: It might be time to just let her go, Frank. She's worked hard for ya.
kramer: Oh yeah, I'll take good care of her. (Rips out the screen door)
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Oh, I'm putting up Frank's screen door. This beauty's got a little life in her yet.
kramer: (Closing door) The cool evening breezes of Anytown, USA. Let's see how this baby closes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
kramer: (Spraying his flowers) Hello, neighbor.
kramer: Oh, you gotta mulch. You've got to.
kramer: (Ringing his wind chimes) Right after the fireworks.
kramer: Hey, buddy!
kramer: (Getting the door slammed on him) Y'all come back reeeaall...
kramer: She's really gotten to you, hasn't she?
kramer: Simple. You let out one emotion, all the rest will come with it. It's like Endora's box.
kramer: Yeah, well, she... had one, too. (George enters)
kramer: (Baseball flies at Kramer and hits him) That's it, that's it! I warned you kids. I told you not to play in front of my house. This time, I'm keepin' it. And you're not getting back your rock either!
kramer: Look what they did. Look what they did to my house! I turn my back for two seconds, and they put shaving cream all over my door. You, I see you! I'll teach these kids a lesson. Where's that house I put under your sink?
kramer: I love you, too, buddy, and George--
kramer: Listen, when I give you the signal, I want you to turn this water on full blast.
kramer: I'll yell, uh, 'Hoochie mama!'
kramer: On the signal, George. On the signal.
kramer: Now! Now, George! Turn on the faucet! George, turn on the faucet! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mamamaaaaa!
kramer: Joey Zanfino and some of the neighborhood kids. They ambushed me with a box of 'Grade A's.
kramer: Oh, no. I'm fine. Serenity now. Serenity now. Serenity now.
kramer: (Trying to open a back of chips) Jerry, the anger, it just melts right off. Serenity now. Look at this. Serenity now!
kramer: Serenity! (He exits)
kramer: Serenity now, serenity now...
kramer: Geez! Jerry, I didn't here you come in. Yeah, the children, they've done sum redecorating. Serenity now, serenity now.
kramer: Well, that's odd, 'cause I feel perfectly at peace with the world- uh! eggs! you! Serenity now, serenity now, serenity now.
kramer: (going into his apartment) Jerry, come on. Don't get upset about it. There's always next spring. Now will you excuse me for a moment. Serenity nooooooooww!
kramer: (crashing and banging in his apartment) Serenity now!
kramer: (Crashing and banging around) Serenity nooooowwwww!
kramer: (Leaving) George, you listen to me. I owe ya one.
kramer: Hey, Seinfelds!
kramer: How long are you staying?
kramer: Oh yeah, yeah I heard, Marvin Kessler. Boy, that makes you think. If he could go...
kramer: No, not giving. hoarding. I'm storing it in to a blood bank. Just in case.
kramer: Jerry, I know myself. If I'm out on the street and it's starts to go down, I don't back off until it's finished.
kramer: Done.
kramer: My service rates went up? You banks are all the same with your hidden fees and your service charges. Well, maybe I'll just take my blood elsewhere, yeah.
kramer: Oh, no no no...no more banks. I'm keeping my blood in my freezer with...my money!
kramer: Hey buddy, I'm borrowing all your Tupperware.
kramer: I closed down my account at the blood bank.
kramer: Right across the hall. What, you wanna go see?
kramer: You know, for a fat guy you're not very jolly.
kramer: What the heck is going on here?
kramer: Well, I may have to take it, but I don't have to like it.
kramer: For me? Go...Yeah, what tonight? Yeah, I'll be there...Yeah later. (puts the phone down) Well, somebody's baby-sitting.
kramer: Don't be ridiculous. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go to fill my freezer with my own blood.
kramer: Hello, Vivian! Oh, this is a nice screen.
kramer: Don't take my money!
kramer: No, I'm the baby-sitter.
kramer: There was an incident.
kramer: Would you stop it.
kramer: It's Jell-O.
kramer: This is tomato juice, look...(drinks from the bottle.)
kramer: Will you calm down. I took all my blood down to Newman's. He let me put it in his meat freezer.
kramer: Oh yeah yeah, George he came by and made more of those pudding skin singles. They're delicious.
kramer: Heads up!
kramer: It's ok, Jerry. I'm right here.
kramer: That knife, it nicked your jugular. You know Jerry, when somebody yells 'heads up', you're not supposed to actually look up.
kramer: Anyway, you were lucky that I was there. You lost a lot of blood.
kramer: Oh yeah, you've got three pints of Kramer in you, buddy.
kramer: Look at this, look at the hair on the back of my neck. It's all bramble, see it's like thicket back there. Look, I need somebody to shave it for me, huh?
kramer: Well, I have to say I'm very surprised and disappointed - blood brother.
kramer: What? Jerry, I gave you my blood. Listen to your pulse, (takes Jerry hand) hey buddy-hey buddy-hey buddy...
kramer: So, my blood is not enough. Would you like a kidney too, because I'll give it to you? I'll rip it out right here and stack it on the table!
kramer: No no no, I don't have time right now. I'll catch you tonight, we'll do sort of an all over kind of thing, all right?
kramer: Well, maybe if you called more often, I wouldn't have to. Listen, is it all right if I watch a tape in here?
kramer: Well, I'm taping Canadian Parliament, you know on C-Span.
kramer: Is it all right if I watch it in your bedroom, cause your bed is really nice?
kramer: Ok!
kramer: Blood!
kramer: We're making sausages.
kramer: Yeah, an instructional video about how to make your own sausages.
kramer: All right, all right. Newman, let's go grab some mail sacks and haul these beauties out of here.
kramer: Why did you get rid of that sausage?
kramer: Yeah well, Newman's not happy, he booted me out of his freezer. Look, I've got to take my blood back to the bank, can I borrow your car?
kramer: I got no A/C and I gotta keep the blood cold or it'll go bad.
kramer: All right, Even Steven. Oh, by the way, when you get back to your apartment try to keep it down because Newman is taking a nap in your bed.
"kramer: Oh, man...(looks to the glove compartment for a manual.) ""If the engine begins to overheat, turn off air conditioner"". Never, I can't do that."
kramer: Oh, mama...
kramer: Shees, come on...(opens the radiator)..this thing is bone dry. (Looks at the blood.)
kramer: That kid...
kramer: Jerry, it was overheating. You should take better care of that thing.
kramer: You didn't get the blood from me.
kramer: (enters) Well... I've had it with these jackbooted thugs!
kramer: I got three 'Pottery Barn' catalogs in one day. That makes eight this month.
kramer: Oh, no. I've been saving them up here in your apartment. And now, it's payback time. 'Pottery Barn' is in for a world of hurt.
kramer: (throwing his catalogs in the Pottery Barn store) Hey, you like sending out catalogs!? How do you like gettin' 'em back!?
kramer: (entering Jerry's apartment) Will you look at this? More catalogs! 'Omaha Steaks', 'Mac Warehouse', 'Newsweek'?! I can't stop all these companies, so, I'm gonna attack this problem at the choke point.
kramer: That's... even better!
kramer: (showing Jerry his mailbox) Check it out. Rain and sleet may not stop them, but let's see them get by... these bricks.
kramer: Jerry, the whole building is brick.
kramer: A dealer? Are you insane? No, take out an ad. Sell it privately.
kramer: Come on, Jerry, just let me help you.
kramer: All right! OK! Right, here we go. Yeah. OK, so... 'For sale. A big, juicy van.' And, ooh, you gotta put down, 'interesting trades considered.'
kramer: No, you don't have to. It's all about tickling their buying bone.
kramer: Oh, that's it. They have gone too far. They keep pushing me, and pushing me. Now I got no choice but to go down there... and talk to them.
kramer: Yeah, I'd like to cancel my mail.
kramer: Oh, no, no. I don't think you get me. I want out, permanently.
kramer: Oh, yes, I am.
kramer: The bank can pay 'em.
kramer: E-mail, telephones, fax machines. Fedex, telex, telegrams, holograms.
kramer: Oh, yeah. As long as I stop getting mail!
kramer: (rushing into Jerry's apartment) Yeah, I called about the van.
kramer: (inspecting Jerry's van) So, how come you're selling it?
kramer: How many miles?
kramer: City or highway?
kramer: (breaking the antenna) Hey, hey. Take it easy. I'm not gonna be pressured. I'll walk away right now. Is this thing bent? I'm not paying for that.
kramer: All right, look. I'm going to be honest. I'm very interested in the van.
kramer: (pointing to the newspaper ad) Well, I don't really have any money. But it says right here, 'interesting trades considered'.
kramer: (pulling out an undershirt) And I'm glad I did. Here.
kramer: No, I want to trade you screen legend Anthony Quinn's undershirt. He took this off to do sit-ups in the park and I nabbed it.
kramer: Well, it's my final offer.
kramer: (handing out anti-mail pamphlets) Here you go. Mail is evil. Pass it on. Hey, mail blows. Fax it to a friend.
kramer: Because we're blind to their tyranny.
kramer: Yeah. Move along, Betty.
kramer: Well, not anymore. He traded it to me for some Hollywood memorabilia.
kramer: What?
kramer: Yeah, nice to meet you.
kramer: (entering Monk's) Hey, you guys.
kramer: Oh, it's fantastic. We were out in front of the post office today, and not one person went in.
kramer: Huh? Well, it symbolizes our persecution.
kramer: Oh, well. I, uh, thought we made a deal for Quinn's t-shirt.
kramer: No, I can't, I can't. See, I told Frank he could borrow it. Yeah, he wants to move some of George's stuff into storage.
kramer: Oh, listen, Jerry. One of your friends came by and he was very upset that I had your wheels.
kramer: Well, I didn't catch his name, but then he went running into the park.
kramer: (seeing Newman pull up along side him in his truck) Hey.
kramer: I know, I'm gonna switch the bucket to something else.
kramer: What?
kramer: Are you through?
kramer: Are you through?
kramer: Oh, no, no, no. That's exactly how you said it was going down.
kramer: No. You said a mailman I know, and you're a mailman I know!
kramer: (being grabbed by the security officials) Hey!
kramer: Huh? Who are you?
kramer: Henry Atkins? The postmaster general?
kramer: Henry... can I get out of here now?
kramer: Oh?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Yeah! Ha ha.
kramer: I'm very, very sorry.
kramer: Sure do!
kramer: (seeing Newman walk into the office with a bucket on his head, escorted by a security man) Geez. Newman?
kramer: Well whats the difference -- Come on (pats him on the back) -- were like Cain and Able.
kramer: No he didnt. They were in business together it was dry wall, or somethin.
kramer: All right then, what was it?
kramer: The way I remember it, Cain, he was a successful doctor, but when he took this special formula, he became Mr. Able.
kramer: Yeah. Well I was trying to make gravel and it just (moves hands around) just didnt work out.
kramer: Well ... I like the sound it makes when you walk on it.
kramer: Aahh, this looks familiar
kramer: No, no, no, no. These brown things. The chairs. (hits his hand on the rim) Jerry, this is the set from the old Merv Griffin Show! (he climbs into the dumpster) They must be throwing it out. This stuff belongs in the Smithsonian!
kramer: Look at this. Boy, one minute Elliot Gould is sitting on you and the next thing - you're yesterday's trash.
kramer: No, no, no. You go on ahead. I'm not finished taking this in. Oh, Jerry look ... Merv Griffin's cigar.
kramer: (from his apartment) Hey, Jerry! Come here a sec!
kramer: Hey! (moving a chair onto the set)
kramer: (Outstretched arms) It's the Merv Griffin set. (Claps 7 times)
kramer: Oh, you just bring it in sideways and (pop) hook it.
kramer: Yeah ... backstage.
kramer: (putting on jacket) Oh, well a lot of the stars from the 70's - they were not as hygienic as they appeared on TV. You take Mannix for example.
kramer: All right. Well, Jerry, we'd love to have you back anytime. (stretches his arm out, as if hes reaching out a good-bye)
kramer: Well, Elaine Benes! Well, it's great to have you! (Elaine sits down) Boy, is it possible that youre even more beautiful than the last time I saw you?
kramer: Hm, That's interesting. You know someone mentioned to me you were not very happy with your toys, growing up.
kramer: Oh, that's right, right, right. And uh you mentioned that uh, you didn't get a G.I. Joe. You had an
kramer: Right.
kramer: And we all know how painful that can be. (as he says this, he turns and speaks directly into the non-existent television camera. Jerry looks a bit confused.)
kramer: Oh, Elaine Benes. Well, this is quite a thrill, yes. Come - - (motions for Jerry to move down one seat as the new guest has arrived for her segment. Kramer gives Jerry a little push) Come on sit down. Yes.
kramer: Ju - Excuse me. Yeah we're, talking this way.
kramer: Ah, Now, for those of us who don't know, uh, sidling is what?
kramer: What do you mean?
kramer: (to the imaginary TV camera) Only in New York. ... ha ha
kramer: Oh! (turns on the Merv Griffin theme music) Heeeyy! Well, ladies and gentlemen! It's our good friend, George Costanza! What a surprise!
kramer: Yeah, sit, sit, sit Weeell! (laughing, clapping)
kramer: Eyaaaya-ya-ya, I'll ask the questions. What happened?
kramer: All right, let's uh, change the subject, ah. (looking at the yellow note cards) Now, uh you and uh, Jerry dated for a while. Tell us ah ... what was that like?
kramer: That was the wrong card.
kramer: (laughs too loudly) All right, let's take a short break.
kramer: Okay ah, (checks his watch) We're back!
kramer: El Paso? I spent a month there one night.
kramer: Ah to take some of the pressure off of me. So, Jerry ah, what's going on with you? I understand there's a young lady in your life. mmm.
kramer: Well. Sounds like things are progressing. Do I hear, wedding bells?
kramer: Newman. (Kramer smacks Newmans arm)
"kramer: What do you mean ""wrong kind of medicine""?"
kramer: Wait a minute, wait a minute! You mean to say that you drugged a woman so you could take advantage of her toys? Let's pause a moment. (Newman starts the taped music) Jerry, now, what you do with your personal life is your business, but when you're on my set - you clean it up, mister!
kramer: Smile, everyone! We're back!
kramer: We've officially bottomed out, mm. Who's our next guest?
kramer: We need a new format. We should shut down and re-tool.
kramer: I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
kramer: Jerry, (claps) aaya - what are you doin' tomorrow? I want you to come by the set.
kramer: Nope, we got a whole new format. Edgy, youthful, plus ... we got Jim Fowler!
kramer: Well, I practically raised his kids.
kramer: What? Two animal acts on the same show? (turns to Jerry) What is this, amateur hour? Look, George, I'm sorry, maybe another time, all right? (drums table and exits)
kramer: Okay. A little later, we're gonna be talking with animal expert, Jim Fowler.
kramer: But first, we're talking with, Jerry. (looks down to his yellow note cards) Okay, Jerry, uh, you uh, you drugged a woman in order to play with her toy, collection. How do you feel about that?
kramer: And she doesn't know anything, about this?
kramer: Well, Jerry, we have a little surprise for you! Come on out, Celia!
kramer: It's the new format. Scandals and Animals. Git gt gt.
kramer: George I told you we're booked!
kramer: Ohhh. another interesting confrontation. This could be spicy. Yeah, George bring him over.
kramer: (off camera) Are we getting this?
kramer: Well, the squirrel kept scurrying and the hawk kept clawing.
kramer: Ill tell ya it was a grind having to fill 10 hours a day. I'm not sure I was ready to have my own talk show set.
kramer: You'll get used to it. It's like a grubby scrub.
kramer: And to the bathroom.
kramer: Kruger? That's not Kruger Industrial Smoothing, is it?
kramer: Grinders, sanders, wet stones. They are the ones who botched the Statue of Liberty job.
kramer: You now what you do? You sneak that photo out of there for couple of days and get it air brushed.
kramer: You remember that photo of me and Gerald Ford and I took it in. Got that Ford right out of there.
kramer: Look at this. This sandwich is terrible. Everywhere you go, they give you this misshaped shardy meat. Look at this...
kramer: I haven't had a decent sandwich in 13 years.
kramer: Hey, our meat problems are solved.
kramer: I traded it to my sausage press. Look how thin that is, see that's all surface area. The taste has nowhere to hide.
kramer: Hey, spice. (gives Elaine a piece of meat.) Welcome to flavor country.
kramer: You know, that happened to Lomez, so he blew his neighbor's circuit.
kramer: Yeah well, that's easy. Just let me finish this mile high and I'll be right with you. Oh, and Jerry, we are gonna need a case of Kaiser rolls.
kramer: This hallway smells like potatoes.
kramer: Ok, oh, you see this socket it's probably connected to her apartment. So what we'll do, we'll take this paper clip and bend it so it'll short out the entire circuit. Here you go...
kramer: No no no. It's easy, you just...do it quickly.
kramer: Well, I don't want to either.
kramer: It's just...it's no picnic.
kramer: Alright, fine fine, I'll do it.
kramer: Oh mama.
kramer: I will lose that nail.
kramer: This slicer is indomitable.
kramer: You buy enough meat, they'll give you anything.
kramer: See, that's the same thing that happened to Lomez.
kramer: Well, he moved to a hotel and the cat eventually died.
kramer: Oh, that's a prickly one.
kramer: The slicer! Elaine, let's go.
kramer: The cat. Just grab that meat and let's ride.
kramer: I think we are looking half a millimeter.
kramer: Oh, I've cut slices so thin, I couldn't even see them.
kramer: Well, I guess I just assumed.
kramer: Yeah, that's a hall of famer.
kramer: Alright, here we go. Yeah, watch that baby slide...(Puts a slice of meat under the door.)
kramer: Oh no, I don't think so.
kramer: Well, you're not checked at on it.
kramer: Well, where the meat goes?
kramer: Where do you turn it on?
kramer: But where does the meat go?
kramer: Elaine, alright where's the SP2000? Cause I gotta slice.
kramer: Ok, I'll go with you.
kramer: Oh, well you have fun...(Elaine leaves) oh no clowns...hate clowns...the clowns.
kramer: Elaine?
kramer: Yeah listen, I need my slicer back.
kramer: Hey, what's going on?
kramer: My blade is all dinged up. Oh, come on! Elaine!
kramer: Come on, this is important! (Shakes the door handle and it comes loose. Kramer falls backwards to the next door.)
kramer: Wow, that's a lot of potatoes.
kramer: So, George took my slicer down to Kruger and they're smoothing it out for me.
kramer: Boy, that looks like an allergic reaction. Have you been wearing a fake beard?
kramer: Well, what have you been doing?
kramer: Whoa whoa, backup, Dr. Sitarides, what happened there?
kramer: There, there's your hives.
kramer: Jerry, as the Bible says; Thou who cureth, can maketh ill.
kramer: Now you listen to me, you've got to find this woman and tell her that you're not a test tube pin cushion.
kramer: Alright, great, because I got to get down there and pick up my blade. Hey, and I couldn't find that stock room.
kramer: He is just setting the record straight.
kramer: Doc, huh?
kramer: Moles, yes. Freckle's ugly cousin.
kramer: You really are cooking up a little scheme here, aren't you?
kramer: Male mammal. Approximately 30 to 60 years of age. Weight...uh indeterminate. Ok, Mr. Kruger, we are gonna take a photo now for the records. So if you'll stand up please and give me a big smile, oh no no no, not that big. Yeah, that's nice, yes okay. Yes, let's have a looksee...ok, so eh, fiber from shirt on the left shoulder. I'm gonna have to keep my on that.
kramer: Uuh, long long time. Yes, I've seen moles so big they have their own moles. Freckles that cover two men.
kramer: Oh, so far, so good...(looks at Mr. Kruger's shoulder) yeuye...
kramer: George, we got a problem.
kramer: Well, he's got a mole on his shoulder. Very suspicious.
kramer: George, why would I, a Juilliard trained dermatologist, send him to another doctor?
kramer: He thinks I am. I'm not gonna betray that trust. Here's what I wanna do; I think I can get a section...
kramer: Yeah, if I could crab my slicer and he'd hold still...
kramer: It'll be operative thing, he would barely feel it.
kramer: Well, it's my medical opinion, that you're making a big mistake. And it's going in my chart.
kramer: (Points to a page on the book) Squamous cell carcinoma.
kramer: George, that's what he has and I have to give him a call. Now we gotta came clean.
kramer: I don't want this on my conscience.
kramer: Yeah, alright...
kramer: They've got everything there, Jerry. I underlined the best parts.
kramer: Well, that's weird.
kramer: Well, I'm cleaning my slicer.
kramer: So, somehow the Bronzo (?) is reacting to the poison she's giving you.
kramer: Ohh, that's toxic. (Jerry throws the towel over Kramer's head.) Ououou....
kramer: Do you want more pastrami?
kramer: Yeah, it was olive loaf. You want that?
kramer: Oh yeah, coming up...
kramer: (Confused) What is up with you two?
kramer: (To Jerry) So how was the big trip?
kramer: (Observing Elaine's bandaged nose) Well, what happened to your nose?
kramer: Well, you gotta give me something! Come on, how was the wedding? Was the bride radiant?
kramer: (Interested) Ooohh... That sounds juicy. Listen, I gotta go to the bathroom, but I want to hear all about it. (Gets up and heads for the bathroom)
kramer: Oh, thank you, FDR! All right, now were even.
kramer: Alright, FDR. This wish is for all the marbles. You win, you get your wish - I drop dead. I win, I don't drop dead, and I get one-hundred percent anti-drop-dead protection -- Forever.
"kramer: Oh, man! All right, come on. There's got to be something that'll change your mind, FDR. Something.."" (FDR lifts up a cooler, and puts it on the table) What, you want my kidney? (FDR is smiling wickedly as he pulls a snowball out of the cooler) Mama!.."
kramer: ah, Hello FDR. Yeah, Ill have a hot one, (pulls out some cash and slaps down a bill on the stand) everything on it.
kramer: Well, guess what, FDR? I made a wish on a shooting star last night, and I wished, against your wish.
kramer: Alright, I'm triple-wishing! Yep!
kramer: Alright.. How do you like this? (Pulls out one of his eyebrows) Ya!
kramer: (Tears out another eyelash) Ah! (Blows it away)
kramer: Come on.. Come on. Yes! (Sees a falling star) There's one! (Yelling out) I wish I don't drop dead!!
kramer: You shut up!
kramer: I mean, we had a deal, Newman. And you were supposed to give my your birthday wish. And now you've wasted it!
kramer: Does your girlfriend have to be here?
kramer: Alright, come on, Newman. Now you gotta help me! What am I gonna do about FDR?
kramer: And how am I gonna do that, Toots?
kramer: (Interested) That's perfect.
kramer: (Shrugging Jerry off) Nah.
kramer: I can't. (Complaining) I'm gonna drop dead.
kramer: I'm goin' to Newman's!
kramer: (Knocking on a port-a-potty door) Come on, Lomez! We're gonna be late for the movie.
kramer: Anything you wish. I'll tell you a little secret about zip codes They're meaningless! (Laughs evilly, driving away)
kramer: Wish?! Newman!
kramer: Lomez, Im Leavin
kramer: Newman, wait!
kramer: Yeah, yeah. And thanks for inviting me!
kramer: Well, Newman, I need your wish to protect me from FDR.
kramer: Come on! Look, I'll give you my next birthday wish, huh?
kramer: Forty-eight.
kramer: Done!
kramer: Oh, geez..
kramer: (Walking away) I knew it.. Stupid Jerry..
kramer: But you haven't seen..
kramer: Yeah.. (Heads for FDR's)
kramer: Well, why?
kramer: Woah, wait, wait, wait. If you make a birthday wish out loud, it doesn't come true.
kramer: Hey, FDR wants me to drop dead.
kramer: (To George) Yeah, Franklin Delano Romanowski. (Resumes telling the story) I go to his birthday part, and just before he blew out his candles, he gives me this look..
kramer: EVIL, eye.
kramer: Yeah, well, I can't have this hanging over my head. It's bad mojo.
kramer: Yeah!
kramer: Hey, hey. Yeah, check it out. It's packin' tight! (Puts the snowball on the table, then drips water from Jerry's cup onto it)
kramer: Oh, I need some water. Ice it up nice and hard ... and when you throw it - Pop! Oh look, (FDR is at the cash register, pays and leaves Monks) there's my friend, FDR. I'm gonna nail him in the back of the head. It's gonna be great! (Rushes out of Monks to peg his friend with the snowball)
kramer: Oh, hey, how you doing?
kramer: Uh, no. Actually, it's Kramer.
kramer: Uh, you need any help, or..?
kramer: Ah, no, no, no. I-I couldn't impose.
kramer: (quietly) Ohh (Eyeing Jerry's empty apartment) Really?
kramer: You went to the coffee shop without me? I told ya, I just wanted to hop in the shower.
kramer: Showering. How long does it take you?
kramer: (seeing Elaine come into Jerry's apartment) Ten minutes? That's kooky talk. Hey Elaine, how long do you spend in the shower?
kramer: Let me smell you.
kramer: (after delicately sniffing Elaine) Uh... that's not bad at all.
kramer: (backing off) OK.
kramer: Well, here's my shower routine. Maybe I can make some changes. Get wash cloth mittens and maybe some liquid soap, and just... -pop- focus!
kramer: (enters) Well, I just got out of a 27-minute shower. I made some good cuts, and I didn't lose anything I needed. Yeah, I think what I kept is even stronger now.
kramer: (noticing suds all over his clothes and body) Wha...? Oh, man! Geez! Look at that! I'm all lathery. Jerry, you got to show me what I'm doing wrong.
kramer: No, I mean it, man. I'm lost!
kramer: (chuckling) Oh, Jerry, you know I can't do that.
kramer: Well, that's how cats do it.
kramer: OK. Let's turn the water on now.
kramer: Come on, Jerry. How about a-a baggy swimsuit?
kramer: Well, this has all been one big tease!
kramer: (taking notes on showering men at the YMCA) Now see, that's smart. Constant motion. Wow.
kramer: Oh, yeah, yeah, I-I'm watching you, too. But this guy's really showing me something!
kramer: (walking into Jerry's apartment with a fresh black eye) You got a steak?
kramer: Ah, people in this city are crazy.
kramer: (applying the steak to his eye) Thanks, buddy. Oh... yes! Hey, you got any A1, 'cause I'm cooking a steak.
kramer: Yeah, a different one.
kramer: Jerry!
kramer: Hey, Jerry, guess where I'm calling from!
kramer: No, I'm in my shower. Well, you know, I'm trying to get out of the shower sooner, and then I ask myself, 'Why?' I mean this is where I want to be. So I got a waterproof phone, I shaved, I brushed my teeth, and now I ordered a pair of chinos from J. Crew.
kramer: I'm not! I'll see ya later, buddy.
kramer: (on the phone in the shower) Lomez, you're not listenin'. Jerry likes the naked, just some of the things she does when she's naked. Calm down, I'm on your side. Geez. Hey, hold on a second. I got a clog, I'll call ya back.
kramer: (in the shower, reading an instruction manual) Installing your Clarkman garbage disposal. Dismantle latch hasp beneath main drainage lot. Oh, come on, Clarkman.
kramer: Is, uh, David Puddy there?
kramer: Well, this is Kramer.
kramer: Um, listen, you're a mechanic. Could you help me install a garbage disposal?
kramer: No. It says 'main line'.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Oh, OK. Well, thanks, buddy.
kramer: (in the shower, on the phone with Jerry) So you broke up?
kramer: Hang on.
kramer: Oh, just cooking up a little thank you for Puddy. Hey, how do you make those radish roses?
kramer: No problem there.
kramer: Well, thank you.
kramer: Yeah. And here's to David Puddy for helping me install a much needed and much appreciated garbage disposal in my bathtub.
kramer: Oh, yeah, and I use it all the time. Yeah, I made this whole meal in there.
kramer: Mm-hmm. I prepared it as I bathed.
kramer: (Correcting) No, they're not cloning sheep. It's the same sheep! I saw Harry Blackstone do that trick with two goats and a handkerchief on the old Dean Martin show!
kramer: (Answering phone) Yeah, Go! Wha.. really? Yeah, ok. Yeah! Bye. (Hangs up) Great news! Yeah, the strike has been settled. I'm going back to work.
kramer: Yeah, H&H Bagels. That's where I worked.
kramer: Yeah. Look, see. I still have my business card. (Pulls it out, hands it to Elaine) Yeah, we've been on strike for 12 years.
kramer: Yeah, well, H&H wouldn't let us use their bath room while we were picketing. It put a cramp on our solidarity.
kramer: Yeah, 5.35 an hour. And that's what they're paying now.
kramer: Now you know who to thank for that!.. Alright, I've got to go. (Heads for the door)
kramer: Jerry, I didn't want you to know I was out of work. It's embarrassing! (Leaves) (Scene ends)
kramer: All right, everybody! I'm back!
kramer: Cosmo Kramer.. strikes over.
kramer: Huh.. wha- Didn't any of the guys come back?
kramer: Oh, man. Makes you wonder what it was all for..
kramer: Alright! Toss me an apron, let's bagel! (Takes off his coat, puts it in the display case, then turns to see a plate full of bagels.) What are those?
kramer: (Picks one up, he's mesmerized) I never thought I'd live to see that..
kramer: Ah, gentlemen.. bagels on the house!
kramer: Oh, fantastic! (Jerry and George both pick out a bagel) It felt so good to get my hands back in taht dough.
kramer: No, I didn't make these bagels. (Jerry and George both take a bite) Yeah, they're day-olds. The homeless won't even touch them. (Jerry and George stop eating) Oh, we try to fool them by putting a few fresh ones on top, but they dig.. they, they test.
kramer: What's Festivus?
kramer: Frank invented a holiday? He's so prolific!
kramer: Well, just tell me everything, huh?
kramer: What happened to the doll?
kramer: That musta been some kind of doll.
kramer: Is there a tree?
kramer: Frank, this new holiday of yours is scratching me right where I itch.
kramer: No. (To manager of H&H) Ah, listen, Harry, I need the 23rd off.
kramer: But it's Festivus.
kramer: You know you're infringing on my right to celebrate new holidays..
kramer: Well, it's going to be! Because I'm going back on strike. Come on Elaine. (Takes of his apron, and goes for his coat) It's a walk out!
kramer: What? You're siding with management?!
kramer: (Interrupting) Scab! Scab! (pointing at Elaine) Scab!
kramer: Well, Happy Festivus.
kramer: There's a big dinner Tuesday night at Frank's house - everyone's invited.
kramer: (Shocked at her ugliness, he stammers) Hello.
kramer: Protect Festivus! Hey, no bagels, no bagels, no bagels, (Continues to chant)
kramer: (From a phone booth right outside the store) Elaine, you should get out of there. I sabotaged the bagel machine last night. It's going down.
kramer: You've been warned.
kramer: Hey! How do you like your bagels now?!
kramer: (Shocked by the way Elaine looks) Yama - Hama! It's fright night!
kramer: And?
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Oh, hello.
kramer: Ah-huh.
kramer: Ahh.. I don't know who you really are, but I've seen Jerry's girlfriend, and she's not you. You're much better looking - and like, a foot taller.
kramer: Oh, he's a tomcat.
kramer: Hey! Happy Festivus, everyone! (Hugs George, and jumps up and down) Hee, hee, hee!
kramer: (Finishing the story) I told them I was just about to see you.. It's a Festivus miracle!
kramer: Uh.. that's right.
kramer: Another Festivus miracle!
kramer: Uh-oh. Oh, gee, Frank, I'm sorry. I gotta go. I have to work a double shift at H&H.
kramer: Well, I caved. I mean, I really had to use their bathroom. Frank, no offence, but this holiday is a little (makes a series of noises) out there.
kramer: Thank - you! (Gets his coat, and leaves)
kramer: It's good suspension!
kramer: Jerry, I dont think this thing is hooked up right.
kramer: Uh, borrow. Its for my friend. Yeah, hell be buying..
kramer: Oh, I dont think so. No, hes an entertainer. You know, all over the place. Thats where I come in.
kramer: Yeah, neighbor. Thats right. Yeah, why dont we take this boiler out for a shakedown huh?
kramer: No, no, no, I didnt.
kramer: (Up to something) Well, its a test drive, right? I never drive around here. If Im gonna recommend this car, I need to see that itll handle my daily routine.
"kramer: Just a little place I like to call, ""Youll see""."
kramer: Now look, Rick. Im very close to giving this car, that my celebrity friend is considering, my full endorsement. (Looks out the window) Oooh, Lets see if I can get a smile from these femininas.. (Yells out to them) Hey, Ladies! (Points to the car) Its the Saab 900! What do you think? Can I interest you in a little supplemental restraint?! (They obviously do something to offend him. Kramer reacts with a face) Geez
kramer: Well, just one more errand and we can head back.
kramer: Oh? Well, how much gas do you think is in there right now?
kramer: You know, Rick, oftentimes, Jerry - he lends me his car and I find myself in a situation where the car is almost out of gas. But, for a variety of reasons, I dont want to be the one responsible for purchasing costly gasoline.
kramer: (In the spotlight, his voice goes high) Well, I make it up to him in other ways.
"kramer: Theres still some overlap between the needle and the slash below the ""E""."
kramer: Oh, Ive been in the slash many times. This is nothing. Youll get used to it. Just, (Makes a popping sound) put it out of your mind.
kramer: Well, I almost did once, and I blacked out. When I came to, the car was in a ditch, and the tank was full. I dont know who did it, and I never got to thank them..
kramer: Whoop! Whoop!
kramer: No, Sir. We are down there.
kramer: All right, Im satisfied. We better get some gas.
kramer: What do you mean?
kramer: There was no plan.
kramer: What, they drove to a dealership?
kramer: You are one sick mama I like it.
kramer: Yup! Yup!
kramer: Cars can go on empty, but not us humans, huh, fella? Ill get us a couple of Twix bars.
kramer: All right, Ill get ya a Mounds bar. Keep the engine running.
kramer: No, man! Not the gas!
kramer: Do you think that thisll make you happy? Cause it wont!
"kramer: Listen to me. When that car rolls into that dealership, and that tank is bone dry, I want you to be there with me when everyone says, ""Kramer and that other guy, oh, they went further to the left of the slash than anyone ever dreamed!"""
kramer: Its good to have you back, Stan.
kramer: No time!
kramer: Hey!
kramer: Oh, it broke off, baby! Woo, hoo, hoo!
kramer: Well, thats a weird thing to say
kramer: Yeah, yeah. I wonder hmm.
kramer: Ya-hoo! Ya-hoo! (Rick is silent) Whew! Well, I think we stopped.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. (Getting out of the car) Well, Ill think about it..
kramer: Hey.
kramer: You got any pliers?
kramer: Newman and I are reversing the peepholes on our door. So you can see in.
kramer: Yeah, so now I can peek to see if anyone is waiting to jack me with a sock full of pennies.
kramer: Our policy is, we're comfortable with our bodies. You know, if someone wants to help themselves to an eyefull, well, we say, 'Enjoy the show.'
kramer: Mmm... Nice wallet.
kramer: Nobody carries wallets anymore. I mean, they went out with powdered wigs. Yeah, see here's what you need. Just a couple of cards and your bankroll. See, keep the big bills on the outside.
kramer: I'm on the Mexican, whoa ohh, radio...
kramer: Hey, Silvio. Yeah, I'm reversing my peephole.
kramer: Well, who says I can do any of the things I do in my place?
kramer: Well, I... uh, nothing. No, I'll, um, I'll switch it back.
kramer: Well, that's good. Because, uh, Newman and I--
kramer: Well, yeah.
kramer: Who is it?
kramer: What do you want? I'm in the middle of something.
kramer: What? What are you talking about?
kramer: No. No, he can't do that.
kramer: Come on, we'll go and talk to him, and we'll straighten this thing out.
kramer: Well, I, uh, I like to think of this as my conference room. Yeah, it has a more formal atmosphere, you know, with the shelves, and the furniture.
kramer: Oh, well, um, Newman thinks that you, uh, evicted him?
kramer: Look... I've known Newman all my life, in the building, and you're all wrong about him. He's a model tenant. Portly, yes, but smart as a whip.
kramer: All right.
kramer: Well, you won't regret it.
kramer: So, you're sleeping with Silvio's wife?
kramer: Well, why didn't you tell me about this?
kramer: Well, it's my business now. Look, I stuck up for you. Man, if he catches you, we're both out.
kramer: Hoooh! Man, that looks like a dead bear.
kramer: Man, where did you learn to climb trees like that?
kramer: Hey. Oh, uh, yeah. Uh, here are your pliers back....Weak hinge.
kramer: Oh, go down to 88th Street. They're free.
kramer: Well, they're hanging from the trees. You know, Newman found one there yesterday. Man, that guy can climb like a ring-tailed lemur!
kramer: Well, I had some hard candy in there.
kramer: Hey, Silvio!
kramer: Huh?
kramer: Relax, Silvio.
kramer: Oh, come on! Hey, Newman didn't even give her that! No, that's not even a woman's coat. It's a man's!
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Oh, lots of 'em.
kramer: No.
kramer: What about Jerry?
kramer: Yeah, sure, he's a celebrity. Oh, yeah, they wear a lot of furs. They're desperate, insecure people.
kramer: Yeah, something like that.
kramer: All you have to do is wear the fur so Silvio thinks it's yours.
kramer: Well, then, Newman and I, we get thrown out of the building.
kramer: All right, why don't you just take a good, hard look at what your life will be like if I'm not around?
kramer: Oh, come on, man! Well, I'll tell you what, if you do this, I'll give you that walkman you're always asking about.
kramer: And you'll get it back.
kramer: All right. Good, thanks, I owe you one.
kramer: Oh, hey, and by the way, uh, that walkman was broke when you gave it to me.
kramer: Whoa, whoa. Now, who's this Joe Mayo everyone's talking about?
kramer: I think the chair is a fantastic gift idea. But I never heard of this Joe Mayo. And frankly, it sounds made up.
kramer: All right, Silvio's down there. He's shoveling the walk. Now, all you gotta do is put this on, you go down to the corner, you pick up a paper, and you come right back.
kramer: There you go.
kramer: Ahh....
kramer: Jerry, you forgot your purse.
kramer: Hey, Silvio, look at Jerry here, prancing around in his coat with his purse. Yup, he's a dandy. He's a real fancy boy.
kramer: All right, you're not fancy!
kramer: That must be the man that's sleeping with your wife.
kramer: It's the perfect cover for a money laundering operation . No one can keep track of all those kids with the little orange boxes of change.
kramer: Oh! Yeah your old college roommate huh?
kramer: Hmmm,, Dramatica comedia heh!
kramer: Euh.. We don't go to enough theater.
kramer: Why don't you just give up?
kramer: At least that's what Jerry says. Now face it. If it hasn't happen it's not gonna happen. All right, we go grab some bouffe . Join us?
kramer: I think she was happy someone finally said it.
kramer: 'felt that the conversation was lagging.
kramer: I come in here to get a pleasant meal and if we're not gonna have one I'll grab a bite to eat at your place.
"kramer: hey! you got some messages.. Yeahumm.. .George, George, Elaine, George again, Elaine, Newman; but that was a crank call. and some Sally woman called said ""Thanks a lot, she's quitting the business, you ruined her life."
kramer: Well that's not how she remembers it.
kramer: I thought you said she stinks
kramer: Aahh...Who's Janet?
kramer: You know what woman I always thought you looked like; Leena Horne.
kramer: And you must....look exactly like Jerry. You don't see this; you're like twins .. WOoooohhhhh!!! this is eerie.
kramer: C'mon George relax . Just because they look alike doesn't mean you're secretly in love with Jerry.
kramer: yeah, she's a nice girl, kinda quiet though.
"kramer: Well how should I have ""broached the subject"""
kramer: Well sounds like someone's having a bad day.
kramer: Well, I think one of us should leave.
kramer: I've made an important life decision.
kramer: Aw right. I know I've been shooting off at the mouth lately; First with that girl whose life you destroyed and.. emm...about George dating a lady Jerry
kramer: I know you want me to keep my big mouth shut and that's exactly what I'm going to do. I'm never gonna talk again.
kramer: What do I need to talk for.. ha!, For to blab to the neighbors about George has a new fem-Jerry friend or to tell everybody at the coffee shop ho George is all mixed up in a perverse sexual amalgam of some girl and his best friend. See now, I've done all that.....Now it's time for silence.
kramer: Jerry, ninety four percent of communications is non-verbal. Here watch.
kramer: Well it's Frank and Estelle's reaction of hearing George's man love towards she-Jerry.
kramer: That's the idea.
kramer: (makes a zipper gesture to his mouth) ..Weeeeeepp!!
kramer: that's right......Aye oooh!! ...Right now.
kramer: Ouch!!..........Now!!
kramer: (loudly) Now you gotta shut up!.....(Sally is speechless)...I'm sorry, I..I haven't spoken in days.
kramer: ...All right ..Starting now......
kramer: Hey. It happened again. (puts box on counter) Another robbery in the building.
kramer: No, it's a strongbox to protect my irreplaceables.
kramer: Some taxidermy that's been in my family for generations, my Tony, my... military discharge.
kramer: Y- B-briefly. Now, I gotta find a good place to hide this key. Because if somebody finds this, they hold the key to all my possessions. (makes a clicking sound)
kramer: (offended) 'Literally'? What's THAT supposed to mean? (then to Jerry, before Elaine can answer) You mind if I hide this somewhere?
kramer: (stuttering gibberish, gestures that they should leave) A little... privacy, uh?
kramer: Come on, Jerry, this is a security issue! (Elaine laughs) Boy, you wouldn't last a DAY in the Army.
kramer: Well, that's classified.
kramer: (from inside) OK!
kramer: (bangs arm of couch in frustration) You peeked!
kramer: It was under a spoon!
kramer: (re buzzer box) What are you doin'?
kramer: (grabbing the key) You just had to go lookin' for it, didn't you? See, you hate it that I have a little secret. Anything I do -- oooh, oooh! -- you gotta know all about it. You're so OBSESSED with me.
kramer: Oo, y- what are you doing with her? (Jerry ignores him and exits)
kramer: (from inside) Security issue!
kramer: (clattering inside) That wasn't me!
kramer: (from inside Jerry's apartment) OK! (door opens)
kramer: All right, Jerry. Let's see if you can get it in your head that this is not an Easter egg hunt for your childish amusement. (shuts door)
kramer: Heyyyy! (bangs the table in frustration and grabs the key)
kramer: Heh.
kramer: It's Phil's.
kramer: Our neighbor that you... turned against. (Jerry reacts) Anyway, I told him it'd be fine with us if he wanted to let it stretch its wings out in the hallway.
kramer: Because since you've been playing God with the front door, I've been tryin' to smooth things out, Jerry. In fact, I was just hanging out at his place.
kramer: Well, I don't know, but the key problem is solved. I hid it at Phil's...
kramer: No, he doesn't know. See, I hid it without tellin' him. So, uh, (starts walking towards door) Phil won't be compulsively looking for it like some people... You! (points at Jerry)
kramer: (entering Jerry's apartment, in his own tuxedo) Whoo! Boy. Yeah, you clean up nice.
kramer: Yeah, see? I knew you would lose 'em. That's why I took 'em out of your dresser drawer and put 'em in my strongbox.
kramer: Yeah, we'll stop by Phil's, we'll pick up the key, uh?
kramer: Hey, what's going on?
kramer: Yeah. Just give it to the Portuguese guy, and he... puts it in the incinerator.
kramer: Yeah, yeah. (goes to Phil's door) You know, it's a... it's a funny thing about that bird dying. I hid the key in Fredo's food dish. Whoo! That's a weeeird coincidence.
kramer: What?
kramer: (high-pitched) Well, Fredo was weak and stupid! He shouldn't have eaten that key!
kramer: You just answered your own question.
kramer: (nodding) I'll get the shovel. (walks towards his apartment, as Jerry grimaces at the prospect)
kramer: (reading a tombstone) 'Man's best friend'. Jerry, I want something like that on my tombstone.
kramer: (sighs) All right, then you're the one getting the key out of him.
kramer: Listen, I heard that Lassie #3 is buried around here. I'm gonna go check it out.
kramer: Oh. Well, would you look at that. (puts a gun-shaped hand to his head and goes 'Pop') I guess I forgot to lock it.
kramer: Well, this is one for the books, huh, Jerry?... Reeeally one for the books!
kramer: (enters) Well.
kramer: Well, grab a cigar, boys. Yeah. It's time to celebrate.
kramer: Uh, you remember my coffee table book?
kramer: That's the one. A big Hollywood so-and-so optioned it for a movie.
kramer: You remember that photo book on toy ray guns?
kramer: Independence Day?
kramer: Let's just say that I don't have to worry about working for a while. A long while.
kramer: Yeah, and you're not going to, because I'm hanging it up. Boys, I'm retiring.
kramer: From the grind. I mean, who needs it? I mean, I've accomplished everything I've set out to do.
kramer: Oh, I bought myself a little retirement gift. Gold watch.
kramer: Well, it's not really gold.
kramer: (entering the condo, and going to the fridge as if he's a neighbor) Hey, buddy. When'd you get here?
kramer: I told you I was retiring. I moved in next door.
kramer: Yeah, your, uh, folks said it was for rent, so I jumped on it.
kramer: Mmmm, that sounds great, Mom.
kramer: (immaturely) I guess.
kramer: I know, I know. Don't I look more relaxed?
kramer: All right, I'll see you guys.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: (taping Morty's glasses) Morty, what're you lookin' at?
kramer: Hmm.
kramer: (to a room) Vote for Kramer. (to a man walking by) Cosmo Kramer. I'm running for condo president. I'd like your vote. Thanks. (to an old woman) Remember, ma'am, a vote for me, is a vote for Kramer.
kramer: Gladly.
kramer: Oh, no. We're campaigning, Jerry. To rule the people, one... must walk among them.
kramer: Right. Yeah. The polls close after dinner, three o'clock. But then when we win, the celebration goes all night until the break of eight p.m.
kramer: (looking at the newsletter) Hey, look at that. Picture of me, huh? (reading out loud) Candidate Cosmo Kramer caught barefoot in clubhouse.
kramer: Well, I couldn't find my shoes.
kramer: Oh, yeah! Me.
kramer: All right, look. People seem to like those tip calculators, huh?
kramer: Yeah, well, how 'bout if we give one out to every member on the condo board.
kramer: Payoffs. Now we're playin' politics. All right, what do we next, Morty, huh? Wiretaps, slush funds?
kramer: Well, what about your deal, huh?
kramer: Well, don't worry about it. I know a guy.
kramer: Yeah, Bob Saccamano's father.
kramer: (having lunch with Jerry and his parents) Oh, well... I handed out all the Wizards. Polls close in one hour. Whoo hoo hoo! I think we've got this baby all sewn up, huh? Oh, uh, there was an extra one. Norman Burgerman, he won't be leavin' any tips where he is.
kramer: Congratulations, Mr. Puppet Master.
kramer: What?
kramer: (getting up to leave) Well, the people have spoken. Well, that's it for me. I'm, I'm headin' back to New York.
kramer: Hey Jerry, you got any pepper?
kramer: Yeah. (inhales some pepper then sneezes violently) See? It should sound like that, something like that.
kramer: A little wetter. See, I didn't believe it.
kramer: Yeah, we're going down to Mt. Sinai Hospital, See they hire actors to help the students practice diagnosing.
kramer: Well the better ones. Alright, let's practice retching.
kramer: Mickey, DTs.
kramer: You got any Ipecac?
kramer: No, Mickey, he swallowed twelve aspirin.
kramer: No, it's just too much.
kramer: Gonorrhea? You wanna trade?
kramer: Okay, what do you got?
kramer: Good luck with that.
kramer: Well, I got gonorrhea.
kramer: That's what they gave me.
kramer: And it's a waste of my talent. It's just a little burning. Mickey, he got bacterial meningitis.
kramer: See, showmanship. Maybe that's what my gonorrhea is missing.
kramer: Yes, yes I will! I'm gonna make people feel my gonorrhea, and feel the gonorrhea themselves.
kramer: Just a little burning during urination.
kramer: The haunting memories of lost love. May I? (signals to Mickey) Lights? (Mickey turns down the lights and Kramer lights a cigar) Our eyes met across the crowded hat store. I, a customer, and she a coquettish haberdasher. Oh, I pursued and she withdrew, then she pursued and I withdrew, and so we danced. I burned for her, much like the burning during urination that I would experience soon afterwards.
kramer: Gonorrhea!
kramer: Oh, thank you.
kramer: Gonorrhea? Excuse me, I think there's been a mistake, see, I had gonorrhea last week.
kramer: I don't believe this, I'm being typecast.
kramer: Well, we'll see.
kramer: (pulling a liquor bottle from his jacket pocket) Well, I guess it started about twenty years ago when I got back from Viet Nam, and this was the only friend I had left.
kramer: ...I didn't say that, no.
kramer: Well, I'm sorry. I gave you gonorrhea because I thought you'd have fun with it.
kramer: Oh. Hello.
kramer: (to Mickey) You know? She's right.
kramer: You can't get it from that.
kramer: Jerry, look at all these pagodas, huh? I gotta get over to Hong Kong before it all goes back to China..
kramer: Oh, boy, look at this. Hong Kong's outlawed the rickshaw. See, I always thought those would be perfect for New York.
kramer: Hmm, Elaine's been to Hong Kong. I should give her a call.
kramer: (Remembering) No, that wasn't dancing.
kramer: Oh? Who's Leo?
kramer: Oh, yeah. Right. Uncle, Leo. Forgot his first name..
kramer: (To Jerry) Well, that ougta keep you busy for a few days, huh?
kramer: (Taking his offer seriously) No, we've already eaten.
kramer: Jerry, check this out. (Pointing at some papers on the table) Remember my idea about rickshaws in New Youk? Well, we're gonna make it happen!
kramer: Newman, he knows a guy in the Hong Kong post office..
kramer: We'll start out with one, and they when it catches on, we're gonna have a whole fleet!
kramer: (To Newman) Well, I just assumed you would.
kramer: (Stopping his thought) Da-da-da-da no.
kramer: (Brainstorming) What about the homeless?
kramer: (Explaining) To pull the rickshaw.
kramer: They're always walkin' around the city. Why not just strap something to them?!
kramer: Alright, listen up. Now, you three have been hand-picked out of possibly dozens that applied. Now, what we're looking for are motivated, hard-working, homeless gentlemen like yourselves to pull rickshaws. (One of the homeless men starts to wander off, walking away) Now, I don't caer where you're from, or how you got here, or what happened to your homes. But you will have to be physically fit.
kramer: (Continuing as if nothing happened) Because to pull rickshaws means more than just strong legs. You're also going to need a well-toned upper body.
kramer: (To Rusty) You know, I once knew a horse named Rusty. No offence.
kramer: (Watching Rusty's pulling of the rickshaw) Giddy up! Good form.
kramer: Hey, what's he doin'?
kramer: Well, then, he's out!
kramer: (While washing his hands in Jerry's kithen sink) Well, the rickshaw's gone. We strapped it to a homeless guy and he (Makes a noise), he bolted.
kramer: (To Newman) See, we should've gotten some collateral from him.. Like his bag of cans, or.. his other bag of cans.
kramer: Hey, buddy.
kramer: I thought I heard you.
kramer: Our rickshaw?
kramer: (Exiting the bedroom with Newman) Let's talk in Jerry's kitchen. I'll make some cocoa.
kramer: Rusty!
kramer: (Sarcastic) Yeah, yeah. We'll get back to you. (Pulling the rickshaw with Newman) Let's get this baby home.
kramer: What?
kramer: Yes, that's true.
kramer: Well, there's only one way to settle this. (Starts pointing back and forth between Newman and him with each word of the rhyme) One spot, two spot, zig, zag, tear, pop-die, pennygot, tennyum, tear, harum, scare 'em, rip 'em, tear 'em, tay, taw, toe..
kramer: Best two out of three? (Starts the pointing and the rhyme again) One spot, two spot..
kramer: (Tired) Oh, I can't go on. I gotta take a break. (Sets the rickshaw down - taking a rest)
kramer: (Stretching) Oh..
kramer: Woah! Wait!
kramer: Hey. All right. Hi. Check it out, official police caution tape. Look at that.
kramer: Uh-uh-uh. Step back, son, there's nothing to see here.
kramer: Well, I got it from my cop buddy Doug.
kramer: They want to know why they never see you.
kramer: I'm gonna eat that later.
kramer: Oh no, no,. no. I had to fish around in the evidence room for it. You know, they're all preoccupied, trying to hunt down this new psycho-serial killer, the Lopper. All right, I'll see ya.
kramer: Oh, it's no big deal. It's just some guy who's been running around Riverside park-pffff. You know, cutting people's heads off.
kramer: Well, you know, the police, they've been having some internal dissension about the name.
kramer: Uh, Headso...uh...The Denogginizer...Son of dad.
kramer: Yeah. That was my suggestion. It's sort of a catchall.
kramer: Well, more bad news Jerry.
kramer: You know the police, they found another victim of the Lopper in Riverside Park. I saw the photo, and it looked a lot like you.
kramer: Not as many as there used to be.
kramer: You know, George, you're not gonna find an electrician like that in the yellow pages. Now, I know just the guy who can do this.
kramer: Oh, no, no, no. This guy is no friend. In fact, we don't even get along.
kramer: Oh, he's the best...and the worst.
kramer: Believe me George, you can count on Slippery Pete.
kramer: Yeah, I don't care for the name, either. In fact, that's one of the things that we argue about.
kramer: Dng-ga-gng-ga-wt.
kramer: Yeah. I dropped an egg. Be careful.
kramer: Lock and load.
kramer: All right, all right, come on, now.
kramer: Hey, you weren't home, so I signed for her.
kramer: You weren't even married yet.
kramer: Yeah. It feels like we're stealing it.
kramer: George, I thought that was the door.
kramer: Oh, hey, Elaine. What, you got the munchies?
kramer: Oh, yeah--Sotheby's. Yeah. They make good cake.
kramer: No, but I know I've seen cake just like that. Oh--Entenmann's. Yeah.
kramer: Well, no. They're not really in the supermarket. Yeah, they got their own case at the end of the aisle.
kramer: George, they closed up.
kramer: The pharmacy's still open.
kramer: Ahh! I'm out! No tape left!
kramer: Hey. Well, bad news, boys. My life is over. My girlfriend's movin' away.
kramer: Jerry, where have you been?
kramer: Downtown.
kramer: Yeah. I don't know if I can handle one of these long-distance relationships.
kramer: I don't know.
kramer: Oh! Jeez! Well, you've got a maid. It's a whole different world downtown-- different Gap, different Tower Records, and she's a 646.
kramer: Listen. Heads up, Elaine. I'm gonna have to stop by later and pick up a fax.
kramer: No. At your apartment.
kramer: Well, now what are we gonna do? (to Jerry) See? This is why you should get a fax and a Xerox.
kramer: You just blew my mind.
kramer: Hey. Well, I just saw Madeline off. Yeah. She's in a cab and--nguh nguh nguh--on her way. I miss her already.
kramer: Well, I signed up for a food delivery service, Now We're Cookin'. That's a play on words. You know, they're faxing me the menus from some restaurants.
kramer: Well, all of them. It's the deluxe package.
kramer: Well, it better not. Paid for the whole year. So, should I pick those up later?
kramer: Ah!
kramer: Madeline and I are watching Quincy together. Jerry, you know this comes on at the same time here as it does there?
kramer: Well, why no T-bone?!
kramer: Oh, yeah I'm back. Hey, you wanna play cards over the phone?
kramer: Oh, hey, uh, listen, Jerry, uh, laundry's pilin' up there. You might want to tell your girlfriend. Mmm. Yeah.
kramer: Hey, listen, can I borrow your suitcases?
kramer: No, no, no. I looked.
kramer: Thanks, buddy.
kramer: Huh? Well, I'm gettin' out of town. I'm gonna visit Madeline for the weekend. You know, this place is lookin' kinda messy. What happened to Cindy?
kramer: Oh.
kramer: Well, what's the matter?
kramer: Uh-oh. You're a john.
kramer: Hey, hey, hey. Look at that.
kramer: Jerry, you wouldn't believe what it's like down there. Taxicab drivers are insane. You know, everybody is in a hurry.
kramer: Well, now I can't see Jerry.
kramer: What?
kramer: Come on. What'd he say?
kramer: Jerry, come on. What'd you say?
kramer: Come on. Where'd you go?
kramer: Eh! Come on. What did you say?
kramer: Yeah. I know that. Uh, uh.
kramer: Who's that?
kramer: Newman died?
kramer: All right, who's down there?
kramer: Hey, Elaine.
kramer: Did you hear about Newman?
kramer: Bye, Koko. Whew! Jerry, this relationship is killing me. The distance, the longing, the distance, the-- you know, I didn't realize it, but I'm a needy person.
kramer: Oh, yeah? So what am I supposed to do, be more like you? All sealed up in here, emotionally unavailable, paying scrubwomen for sexual favors! No! Jerry, I won't be like you! Never! I'll never be like you!
kramer: Hey, buddy, don't say no!
"kramer: I went down to Madeline's. I told her, ""You gotta move, or it's over."""
kramer: I think it's over. We had a big fight, she threw me out, I started walkin', and now I'm lost downtown! I don't have any money. I don't recognize anybody. I miss home, and I don't even know how to get there.
kramer: I'm lookin' at Ray's Pizza. You know where that is?
kramer: No. It's Original Ray's.
kramer: It's just Original, Jerry!
kramer: Hey, I'm on first and first. How can the same street intersect with itself? I must be at the nexus of the universe.
kramer: Aah!
kramer: Uh, no.
kramer: Not really. My friend was supposed to pick me up, but I don't know where he is.
kramer: Uh, no.
kramer: Ok.
kramer: Yeah, yeah.
kramer: Hi. Ahh...these are soft seats.
kramer: You know, my friend Bob Saccamano made a fortune off of those. See he came up with the idea for the rubber band. Before that, people would just hit the ball, and it would fly away.
kramer: Come on, Jerry, you're going to miss the exit.
kramer: Oh, boy.
kramer: I'll tell you when you can go. Wait, wait, wait, Wait-- now, now, now. No, no, no. Go, go! No, no. Wait-- now, now! Now! Jerry! Go--ahh...
kramer: You want me to moon him? Ooh, let's moon him. Roll up your window. Let's do a pressed ham under glass.
kramer: Look at this, look at this. He's giving us the finger.
kramer: Yeah.
kramer: Why are we slowing down?
kramer: All right. I'm gonna check it out. Aiee. mucho trafico.
kramer: Yeah...uhh...well, the streets are all blocked. I think every Puerto Rican in the world is out here.
kramer: Whoo. Wrong car. Sorry.
kramer: All right, gentlemen, I scouted it out. I think we can get out over there.
kramer: You know, you should make yourself throw up.
kramer: You know you're going to.
kramer: Hey, Jerry. You know who the grand marshal is of this thing? None other than Miss Chita Rivera.
kramer: No, no, no. It was Mara Conchita Alonso.
kramer: Oh! I know who it is. Stacy Keach.
kramer: Con dios? Well, that's rude.
kramer: You know, actually, Jerry, you haven't worked a room that big in a while.
kramer: You want to get outta here? Here's what we do. We leave the car here, we take the plates off, we scratch the serial number off the engine block, and we walk away.
kramer: You've got insurance. You tell them that the car was stolen, and then you get another one free.
kramer: All right, what is your deductible?
kramer: Yes, because they've already deducted it.
kramer: The car, which we're leaving. So the net is zero. See you pocket the money, if there is any, and you get a new car.
kramer: All right. If you refuse to grow up and scam your insurance company, you'll have to work this out with maroon Golf.
"kramer: Ok, here's the deal. He wants you to acknowledge that you cut him off with an ""I am sorry"" wave."
"kramer: You raise the hand, lower the head-- ""I'm sorry, I'm sorry. The buttons are really big on the car. I don't understand it. I haven't read the manual. Ooh!"" You get my drift."
kramer: Yes! All right, Lamar, back it up a little bit so we can get out now.
kramer: Hey, Jerry, crank up the Floyd. It's a George laserium!
kramer: Wow. He's givin' you a mustache. Where is this guy?
kramer: You'll be fine as long as it doesn't hit you right in the pupil, 'Cause then the whole ball will go up like the Death Star. Tchoo! I gotta go find a bathroom.
kramer: Yes, uh, I'm interested in the apartment.
kramer: Ok.
kramer: Oh. Delicious to meet you.
kramer: Uh, yes, most likely, yes. I'm, uh, H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy industrialist and philanthropist and, uh, a bicyclist. And, um, yes, I'm looking for a place where I can settle down with my, uh, peculiar habits, and, uh, the women that I frequent with. (sniffing wall) Mmm. Mombassa, hmm?
kramer: Oh, I spend that much on after shave. Yes, I buy and sell men like myself every day. Now, I assume that there's a waterfall grotto?
kramer: How about a bathroom?
kramer: Yes, and where would the absolute nearest one be?
kramer: Oh, thank you.
kramer: Hola, Jerry! I'm into this Puerto Rican day! The sights! The sounds! The hot, spicy flavor of it all! It's caliente, Jerry!
kramer: Yeah, I know! I was watchin' the game.
kramer: Come on, man. You need to lighten up. You know, a feeling like this only happens once a year.
kramer: Yeah, it's like this every day in Puerto Rico.
kramer: See, now you're getting the spirit of it, huh?
kramer: Ooh! !Dios mio!
kramer: Oh, no.
kramer: It was an accident.
kramer: Now look, I just have one thing to say to you boys. Mama!
kramer: Uh, yes, uh, I--I wanted to, uh, stop by and make sure that my shark tank fits-- uh, hello.
kramer: Uh, Varnsen.
kramer: Vandelay.
kramer: The factory?
kramer: Jerry, that's in Sweden.
kramer: Well, you know, it's like this every day in Puerto Rico.
kramer: Well...there's no logical explanation. All right. Well, shall we go home?
kramer: Well, Jerry, you can't deduct it now.
kramer: This was a fun day. It's nice to get out.
kramer: Hey! JoJo!
kramer: No, thank you. So what are you doing?
kramer: Come on, let's go to the beach.
kramer: What? It's a beautiful day.
kramer: Yeah, there's something in the air today. You feel it? There's something in the air.
kramer: Yeah, there's something in the air.
kramer: Oh hey!
kramer: Oh, you missed it, buddy - lot of femininas - some major femininas
kramer: You know, I went swimming and I can't get this water out of my ear.
kramer: You're moving to California?
kramer: Yeah, but Jerry, what happens if the show's a hit? You could be out there for years! You might never come back.
kramer: Jerry. It's L.A. Nobody leaves. She's a seductress, she's a siren, she's a virgin, she's a whore.
kramer: Fling!
kramer: I say Japan.
kramer: Oh - geishas - they cater to your every whim. They're shy at first, but they're quite skilled at conversation. They can discuss anything from world affairs to the fine art of fishing - or baking.
kramer: Oh - Switzerland - the Von Trapp family, huh?
kramer: Oh yeah - oui oui.
kramer: The only way to fly.
kramer: Can't get rid of it. Maybe it leaked inside my brain.
kramer: I got to get it out, I can't take this anymore.
kramer: I lost my balance.
kramer: It was an accident.
kramer: I'm ready! I'm ready! Glory hallelujah!
kramer: We're straightening out!
kramer: I want to capture this.
kramer: All right, what's wrong with the plane we got? They're just checking it out.
kramer: What?
kramer: The Samaritans were an ancient tribe - very helpful to people.
kramer: Mmmm, this is pretty good chow, huh?
kramer: I still had it on video. We could have watched it later.
kramer: This is excellent huh? Don't worry I didn't use too much milk, cause I know we gotta make it last.
kramer: I bet.
kramer: How bout me, Jackie?
kramer: Cool it, lady. Cool it. Cool it, lady. Cool it.
kramer: Will you stop worrying? Jackie's going to get us off. He never loses. How about when he asked that cop if a black man had ever been to his house. Did you see the look on his face?
kramer: I think it's going to be okay - that girl just smiled at me.
"kramer: Could be fun. Don't have to worry about your meals, or what you're going to do Saturday night. And they do shows. Yeah, we could put on a show - maybe ""Bye Bye Birdie"" or ""My Fair Lady"". Elaine, you could be Liza Doolittle."
kramer: I got it - it's out! How about that, huh? Oh, boy, what a relief.
